"the ten houses in australia that won't sell, despite being heavily discounted, have been revealed. a recent report, released by sqm research, found the properties across the country which haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years. among them includes a one-bedroom home in oberon, central west of nsw, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent, the property observer reports.","  the other 10 homes in that list are: the three houses on a street in south aldridge, north west oregon and the three houses on a street near a university campus, south west of nsw, which has been on the block for over three years, but has yet have any sales.",1.000000
"doctors have been accused of letting a woman die after wrongly concluding she had terminal cancer. medics told the family of margaret hesketh that there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours, her children will claim at an inquest this week. the family claim she was then put on a discredited liverpool care pathway-style treatment for the dying -- having fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away."," doctors have also been criticised after claiming the patient was suffering from ""mortality syndrome"".",1.000000
"children may be drawn to greasy fries and burgers, but fatty foods can reduce the speed at which their brains work, according to a new study. it found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said.","  ""This is the first paper on the effects on working memory of the effects on the brain of a high fat, low carbohydrate diet in children.",1.000000
"bruce jenner could be sued by the stepchildren of the woman who died in the pacific coast highway car crash earlier this year - despite the fact they had `virtually no relationship '. kim howe's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death. mrs howe was driving a white lexus, which jenner's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu, california, on february 7."," the car was traveling at a slow speed, but the driver of jenner and her passenger were not at the wheel.",1.000000
"former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc's have i got news for you later this month. the tv personality was due to record the show, which he has hosted in the past, on april 23 to be broadcast the following day. the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a `fracas' at a hotel over dinner."," the show was cancelled in April after the incident.",1.000000
"they played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance, these really are dark days for newcastle united. still, at least they returned a club record profit of # 18.7 million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes."," the only bright spots for the club in the last few weeks has been the sale on the eve of the season, and a few new signings, but the club's future is in doubt.",1.000000
"don't play h-o-r-s-e with this guy... lebron james has been able to do just about anything he wants during his team's first three playoff games this season and that has apparently carried over to practice as well. james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston before their game against the celtics on sunday afternoon. during a break in the action, james decided to practice his long-range shooting."," the game went to overtime and jason james went for a long-ball, and it was a perfect shot.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is a difficult but necessary thing to say: incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed african-americans are unlikely to end soon. that's partly because police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a ""moment."" and it's also because we have not yet shown the resolve needed to end it."," the only thing holding back a change in the status of black-on white violence, at least in the United States, are the efforts of a small handful, and a small handful, and a small number, but the movement's momentum, its determination, its determination, its determination, is growing.",1.000000
"the irish student allegedly raped by a wall st banker in the hamptons told how she used `every ounce of strength left inside me 'to throw him off whilst he violently assaulted her. the 22-year-old said she kneed jason lee, an ex-goldman sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion. she sobbed and said she was left in a state of` disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault."," the student said: 'I was so upset and upset, and it felt like I had been raped, and I was so scared.",1.000000
"a mother whose baby nearly died after he was born severely premature has urged other women to be aware of the infection that triggered her early labour. amanda butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. her son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive."," but she had been advised the infection was unlikely, but the doctors did find a small, white fluid in a small hole on the back of Callum.",1.000000
"this is the scarred face of a nursing student who was hit in the face by a flying pint glass which was thrown across a crowded pub during a heavy metal gig. charnelle hughes, 20, was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message, when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig. the culprit jordan goode, also aged 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly."," the victim had to have surgery to remove a chunkage in one ear, but was lucky the damage was not worse, her mother told the Daily Telegraph today.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- countries around the world have launched massive aid operations to help victims of the nepal earthquake, but distribution of aid faces challenges as nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster. with over 4,400 dead, 8,000 injured and 8 million people across nepal affected, numerous aid groups and at least 16 nations have rushed to send supplies and workers to the stricken country. but now the nepalese government and army who are leading the disaster response face another problem: how to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid."," the Nepal government has been forced into a dilemma as the Nepal Army has been unable, at least for a time, to coordinate with international aid workers, which has led to the Nepaleses having to rely on local volunteers to distribute relief aid, which has been a major problem for Nepal's government, as well as the Nepalese army.",1.000000
"a frustrated arsenal fan who jumped over a barrier and ran towards the manager during an away match at southampton has been banned from going to games for three years. luke bryant, 25, was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at st mary's stadium, where arsenal were losing 2-0. bryant admitted `going onto an area adjacent to a playing area 'of the football act 1991, where he shrugged his shoulders at arsenal manager arsene wenger."," 'I thought he was going on the pitch,' said lukes bryancy.",1.000000
"during a recent episode of divorce court, a disgruntled man said the members of wu-tang clan did something with his girlfriend - and it wasn't unleashing their famed killa beez. nathan sellers went on the show with his ex, lia palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the wu-tang clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show. that would mean palmquist had sex with the rza, the gza, ghostface killah, masta killa, u-god, inspectah deck, raekwon, cappadonna and method man."," ""the rza is the most powerful guy in the universe, and he has the most powerful girlfriend, so if u want to kill me you have to kill the most important guy, the most powerful woman, and you have the most powerful man in your life.",1.000000
"arsene wenger admits he did not expect arsenal's late charge for the top of the barclays premier league to be powered by hector bellerin and francis coquelin. wenger had all but given up on coquelin when he was sent on loan to charlton before christmas and did not expect bellerin to progress with such speed after a year at watford. `honestly, i couldn't say that in my head coquelin was one of the first-choice players, 'said the arsenal manager."," 'but i was surprised by how fast the young striker was developing.",1.000000
"the father of american sniper chris kyle has spoken for the first time since his son's killer was sentenced to life in prison, in an emotionally-charged interview with nbc news. wayne kyle said he and wife deby were `surviving 'now that they finally had time to process their son's death, following the end of his killer's trial. chris kyle and friend chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 by eddie routh, after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him cope with his ptsd."," the father of america sniper chis kleyle has spoken for the first time ever since his child's killer is being tried, in a emotionally charged and moving account.",1.000000
"forget sober black and charcoal grey. pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness and the style is now spreading to the high street. those championing pink include christine lagarde, the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund, and plaid cymru's leanne wood, who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last thursday.","  the trend is not just confined to the UK.",1.000000
"a newborn baby girl who was found dead inside a garbage can outside an ohio sorority house last week was born alive and then suffocated, according to the coroner. a preliminary ruling from the muskingum county coroner on monday said the baby found at muskingum university campus was nearly full term when she was born, nbc4 reported. the child's mother is a student at the small school in new concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name.","  The baby was born in the garbage bin of a sorority house in ohioli last week.",1.000000
"water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy, as 11-year-old luke shambrook is `fascinated 'by water but can not swim. luke has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park, with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius on saturday night. however, he may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide, according to his family."," This morning, luke went into a state of confusion when his mother, Sarah, went into a state of confusion when her daughter was unable to walk, but was found today.",1.000000
"a mayfair mansion that was once the site of a milking parlour has gone on the market for # 25million. the four-bedroom property in central london's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace. one hundred and fifty years ago however it was used to house cows for milking on one of london's busiest trading streets."," the property is currently being auction by a group known only only as a ""tent"" which are hoping the bid gets them the price the property is worth today.",1.000000
"it's been one of the most indulgent shopping sprees in hollywood history. in just eight weeks, lily james, the british star of disney's new blockbuster cinderella, has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion as she's promoted her film. from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 35,000 gown and a # 40,000 necklace, claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming's bulging wallet."," Lily's fashion choices include: # 40,000 diamond earrings, a # 35,001 diamond earring, # 40,001 diamond necklace and a necklace of # 40.",1.000000
"tesco is close to ditching the last of the private jets used by its top executives after an accounting scandal that sparked the biggest crisis in its 95-year history. britain's biggest grocer operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses, but after a disastrous year new chief executive dave lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale. four have been sold and the final one, a hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month."," the company has also sold a fleet number of jets to the private market, but the sale was blocked after the auditor general's report into the scandal.",1.000000
"elton john and lead singer of the band rem michael stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a georgia prison. `transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices, 'according to a joint statement the musicians released tuesday. last week, the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition following a february lawsuit from the southern poverty law center filed against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond, a transgender woman."," the statement read, `the department has made an error, but it's not a crime to be transgender.",1.000000
"a labour government would take action to enforce a premier league commitment to invest five per cent of the proceeds from lucrative tv rights deals in grassroots sport, the party has said. shadow health secretary and keen football fan andy burnham said the move could unlock # 400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars over the course of the next parliament. and he said labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects."," , a labour minister has said that a labour-backed PremierLeague initiative to increase the number, quality and diversity of grassroots sport across the country would be a priority if the party wins power.",1.000000
"one-eyed police murderer dale cregan -lrb- above -rrb- is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved from prison to a secure psychiatric hospital. one-eyed police murderer dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital. the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester, formerly strangeways, a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell, sources said."," he is believed have been in and outside prison for a year.",1.000000
"the rspca is considering abandoning its controversial policy of `pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions' after the collapse of the latest case. the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act after its decision last month to drop the case against william bryer, joint master of the renowned cattistock hunt in dorset. following criticism for spending # 22.","000 of the funds on the legal costs of the case, the rSPCA has decided to withdraw its decision to press for the dismissal, which was announced in the press on Wednesday.",1.000000
"the three daughters of a new york suv driver involved in a train wreck that claimed six lives claim that their mother `is not a murderer '. the defense from the daughters comes nearly two months after their mother ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in the westchester county town of valhalla. though the cause of the collision remains unknown, danielle, julia and alexa brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened."," they say that she was not involved, and the accident is not connected to her, but that she was not at fault.",1.000000
"vidarbha, india -lrb- cnn -rrb- yogita kanhaiya is expecting a baby soon. she already has a two-year-old son. her husband, moreshwor, a cotton farmer, won't be around to see his children grown up."," the baby girl, a boy, is already a year and a bit younger than he is, and he's already started to grow into his body, and he is already learning to speak.",1.000000
"made famous by their `matchy matchy 'style and twin-like looks -lrb- despite the five year age difference -rrb-, the melbourne based fashion duo jess, 22, and stef, 27, dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level. the sisters have teamed up with` print all over me' - an innovative online new york-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and buffalo shoes, the brand behind the spice girls' trademark platforms. introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the u.","k, the sisters have been inspired after seeing the style of print on a pair of jeans, which they were keen to create.",1.000000
"with summer well and truly over, it's inevitable allergy and flu season is upon us and there's no escaping the nasty germs in the air. but while we're all well aware of the presence of dust mites lingering in every corner of our house, little do we know just how prevalent they are and how detrimental they are to our health. new research has shown that the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin, feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds."," the study, conducted by researchers at University of Melbourne, Australia and the University at Albany, NY found the presence of dust in the environment was associated, on average and across all ages and ethnic origins, across the entire Australian continent, but the most common source of dust was from human activity, such the burning of wood, paper, and plastics, and from the burning, heating, drying and burning products of the wood and paper industries, such paper towels and paper towels.",1.000000
"a schoolboy with a rare illness which means he is allergic to sunlight has been racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear. james creag, 11, is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped putting on the special cream - meaning that it is not safe for him to go outside. he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria, whose victims are nicknamed `real-life vampires' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight."," the schoolboys skin, which looks brown and discoloured when it gets wet, is a result of a genetic mutation that causes the skin to develop abnormously.",1.000000
"fears for two new strains of influenza, which caused a spike in deaths in europe and the united states, will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores. stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket. the decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu."," the new vaccine, which is now available in Australia, is said have a better safety record, and is also expected have a greater efficacy over the next few weeks.",1.000000
"raheem sterling edged closer towards an exit from liverpool on wednesday night after admitting in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside and revealed in a bbc interview on wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago. but in an in-depth tv discussion that liverpool knew nothing about until shortly before it was aired the 20-year-old admitted that it was `quite flattering 'to be linked to arsenal -- who liverpool face on saturday in the barclays premier league -- and that he used to dream of playing abroad."," sterling has been offered the chance to play for Arsenal or Chelsea in a summer deal and the liverpool faithful are hoping the player will sign it.",1.000000
"holidaying with the lair of a tiger as your closest neighbour might not sound like the cleverest idea in the world but it is certainly a once-in-a-lifetime experience that won't be forgotten. for # 3,500, tourists are being invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger, one of the world's most endangered animals. bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat."," the tour is offered on the day of a tiger breeding season and the tour takes place at the zoo where the tigers are housed, the tiger's habitat, the zoo and a small village.",1.000000
"tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace once premier league safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again. pulis said west brom has `gone off the rails' in recent seasons and needs fundamental improvements to get back on track. west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season before finishing 17th."," puli said the west bron team is now looking to make a bid but is unlikely until after the new year, when the club's new owners will have the funds required to make a move.",1.000000
"a former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing the presence of aliens. paul hellyer, who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos. `much of the media won't touch -lsb- the documents -rsb- ', he said during a keynote speech at the disclosure canada tour at the university of calgary."," hellyer said he was told by the then defence secretary, Robert Bordinck that the government was hiding the presence on the moon, but he was unable, at the request, ""any more"" to get any information from the government.",1.000000
"from the outside, anand iyer seemed to have it all. a wife, an adorable two-year-old daughter, and a six-figure salary job with a leading tech company in san francisco that he loved. but apparently the dream combination is not so perfect."," the man is now in jail for allegedly murdering his wife, his two children, and his own daughter.",1.000000
"a five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item `bucket list 'for their terminally ill son has tragically died - with sadly only one item ticked off. elijah mccrae's heartbroken parents, jessica and andrew, remembered the` happiest baby ever', after he died in his mother's arms on monday evening. `we thought we had at least another week, 'ms mccrae said."," `he had been so excited to see his mum`d and his sister.",1.000000
"an inmate at an arizona jail left one officer hospitalized with brain bleeding and broken bones in his face after a psychiatric ward assault. the 18-year-old, who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago, is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers. maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio said that the two jail employees began telling the young man to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them."," the young man continued to attack the officers and was arrested after the attack.",1.000000
"an airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being `stung by bees'. lenny mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester, new hampshire on thursday. he told abc7:` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww.","` `He had been asleep for a few minutes when he woke up, and he was stung, but the bee stung him in a different location, and he was not able to wake up.",1.000000
"an african american teenager who was shot by a police officer in the back because his friend was holding a toy gun is suing los angeles for $20 million. jamar nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a."," on a Saturday afternoon when the officer pulled up, pulled out a gun, fired a single gunshot, and then ran off, killing him.",1.000000
"we've all been there - the moment on a date when the conversation suddenly stalls. it might be midway through the meal or even ten minutes into the starter and you are both fumbling around for something to say that will end the silence. usually at this point, the awkwardness takes over and all ability to converse fails, leaving both parties gawping at each other."," this isn´T the time to start a new sentence, or even to ask a follow up.",1.000000
"arrogant: violent robber lynch posing for a jail selfie. staring cockily at the camera, violent robber craig `lazie 'lynch shows off his toned physique in a series of audacious self-portraits taken in his prison cell -- from where he is said to be earning a fortune by running illegal websites. lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies, including one in which a knife was held to a terrified father's throat in front of his family.","  arugant: a young man who is being held at a young age for the murder of his father.",1.000000
"rescue workers tasked with freeing almost 100 dogs that had been kept locked up in a blacked-out barn in tennessee this week say they were met with fear when approaching the animals, but not their own. `they had been suffering a very long time. i saw little to no emotion, and when i did see an emotion, i saw fear, 'said scotlund haisley, president of animal rescue corps, which led the rescue operation."," The dogs were chained together, and the only way to free one of them is through a rope.",1.000000
"the legendary voice of australian cricket richie benaud has been described as a national treasure and a cricket icon after his death, aged 84. the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday. benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family members."," he had recently been diagnosed with cancer of a type that is not cururable.",1.000000
"a video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside, may be enough to scramble your brain. youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: `the big egg has another normal egg in it! 'while the instance is extremely rare, it's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon."," This is a video of a video where a man is seen cracking open a giant eggs to reveal the other one inside.",1.000000
"a nervous lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch her beau tiger woods in his quest for a fifth masters title - and fifth green jacket. and while it was a good day woods, the golfing great still had some stressful moments and still has a way to go in catching up to leader, 21-year-old jordan spieth. heading into the weekend he is a very, very distant 12 strokes behind a seemingly unstoppable spieth, with 36 holes left to play."," but spieth is still in the lead, having won four straight and three straight in the last three weeks, and spieth's confidence remains strong.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- much of the world has been stunned by the huge increase of migrant deaths in the mediterranean this year, increasing the number of deaths at sea by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year. almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central mediterranean crossing from libya to italy. the flows of migrants across the mediterranean are unlikely to stop -- italian authorities estimate that up to 200,000 migrants in libya are waiting to cross, following 170,000 refugees and migrants who arrived in italy last year.","  -lr- cnn- a number of countries have stepped in to stop the deaths of people trying the journey.",1.000000
"melbourne, australia -lrb- cnn -rrb- a man stands on a beach in a distant land. waves lap his ankles. he wades through the gentle dawn light, arms outstretched, his head held high."," he looks out to a distant land, and then back to him.",1.000000
"technology that claims to transform any smartphone into a star trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in israel. the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance. the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim."," , a company called, has been working for years to create an electronic version, known as, that could be installed on any phone, tablet, laptop, or computer.",1.000000
"a two-mile victorian railway line which was shut down 50 years ago under a programme of sweeping closures could reopen as britain's longest cycle tunnel. the disused rhondda tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the welsh hills, was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks, a project which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network in britain. but engineers are due to visit the 3,148 m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route."," the route was shut down after a series of fatal incidents, including the deaths of three cyclists in a crash in 1996, the deaths of two pedestrians on the way up the tunnel, and a fatal accident in 2002 which killed a man.",1.000000
"she only gave birth to daughter james three months ago, but blake lively is already showcasing her incredible post-baby body in all its glory. the 27-year-old actress, who welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january, has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles -lrb- and her new figure -rrb-. so what's her secret?"," ""I'm a big fan,"" she explains.",1.000000
"a 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at washington county jail six times in four months while working as a services technician is hoping to use an insanity defense, claiming she was `vulnerable, passive and gullible 'and suffers from mental illness. brett robinson is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year. the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry, 39, who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist."," the two were arrested after a woman reported the alleged abuse to police.",1.000000
"top gear has helped steer the bbc's iplayer to record levels after four episodes shown in february notched up nine million views alone. the long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month as fans used it to take one last look at their favourite show. the viewing figures come a week after presenter jeremy clarkson was dismissed from the bbc for punching top gear producer oisin tymon."," the show has also enjoyed an unexpected boost after a series finale of the motoring show, in a move which has led to the bcs new show-runner to be sacked, and a new presenter replacing him.",1.000000
"defending champion czech republic reached the fourth fed cup final in five years by defeating france after petra kvitova won the first reverse singles sunday. in a match of two big-hitting players, fourth-ranked kvitova beat world no 29 caroline garcia 6-4, 6-4 for an insurmountable 3-0 lead in the semifinals. after failing to serve out the match at 5-2, kvitova converted her first match point in her following service game with a passing forehand shot."," the match continued on a break with kvittuova winning a point on a break point to win the set.",1.000000
"rory mcilroy admits thursday can not come soon enough as he bids to complete the career grand slam by winning the masters. the hype surrounding mcilroy's attempt to join gene sarazen, ben hogan, gary player, jack nicklaus and tiger woods in winning all four major titles has been building since the night before his open victory at hoylake last july. and although the return of woods to competitive action after two months on the sidelines has taken some of the spotlight off mcilroy, the world no 1 is anxious to let his clubs do the talking.","  mcilroys' quest to reach the pinnacle of golf has already started, with a number of clubs, such as a pair of the finest, the camber, the camber and the camber and the camber and the camber, all of which are in competition at the top of golf, having been put in his path.",1.000000
"`floral perfumes can take years off a woman 'two things in life give me instant gratification: perfume and wine gums. but while one rots my teeth and piles on the pounds, the other - no matter how bad my hair day - makes me feel beautiful. i'm in good company."," i'm the only one on the planet who can tell you the exact moment i fell head first in love with perfumed wine, and it happened on a beautiful day at a wine tasting.",1.000000
"a top queensland barrister with a handsome income will use case law dating back 200 years to try to avoid a $146 speeding fine. tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland's speed-camera laws, the courier-mail reports. mr morris says he wasn't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year."," the lawyer says he has already been charged $146, but has been unable, so far, find an attorney to challenge it, and the trial may drag out until the court's term ends in June.",1.000000
"newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against tottenham on sunday, april 19 and turn up the heat on owner mike ashley. a social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on sky sports, in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever premier league crowd. fans who don't want to turn their back on the players with newcastle just above the relegation zone have been encouraged to take part in demonstrations held both before and after the game at st james' park."," the supporters who will show up are expected to show a strong support, with some saying they are hoping the game would see them in the Premier League.",1.000000
"chelsea moved to the brink of winning the title with a 1-0 win over manchester united on saturday, but jose mourinho says the race is not over yet. eden hazard scored the only goal at stamford bridge to move the league leaders within two wins of being crowned champions. john terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time, with his team clear in the knowledge that they are almost there in the hunt for a first title in five years."," ""We are still very much in it.",1.000000
"a gun-wielding mother has been arrested after allegedly firing into a crowd of people outside an apartment complex in a bid to break up a fight - only for the bullet to hit and kill her teenage son. latoya tilson, 33, took out a .25 - caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park, georgia, on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone, police said.","  The mother of three is being held on a charge related the shooting, according the sheriff's office, which said she is also charged with attempted second- and third- degree murder, assault with deadly weapons, and reckless conduct.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world learned his name after he was killed by a south carolina police officer. but in his life, 50-year-old walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged. ""he was outgoing -- loved everybody, -lrb- was -rrb- very known in the community and got along with everybody,"" his brother anthony scott told cnn's don lemon."," scott had been shot three times in the head and died in a hospital.",1.000000
"london -lrb- cnn -rrb- ever written yourself a note, stuffed it in your pocket and headed out into the world only to discover that, somewhere along your journey, the piece of paper has disappeared? if you live in the uk, there's a small chance that note has found its way into the hands of 23-year-old daisy bentley. for the past six years, the london-based artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners aren't looking."," This year she's collected a staggering amount of odd notes - some worth hundreds of thousands, some of a mere £10.",1.000000
"dietmar hamann believes bastian schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich at the end of the season after losing his place to xabi alonso in pep guardiola's side. the world cup winner was an unused substitute in bayern's 6-1 champions league win over porto on tuesday. and former germany international hamann thinks schweinsteiger faces an uncertain future at the allianz arena, with alonso viewed as guardiola's preferred midfield choice."," ""i think the only way to go would be to sell the player,"" hamann told kicker.",1.000000
"criticised: rona fairhead will stand down as director of hsbc while continuing role at bbc. the chairman of the bbc trust will quit her role as a director at hsbc, it was reported last night. rona fairhead was last month accused of being either `incredibly naive or totally incompetent 'by margaret hodge, chairman of the commons public accounts committee, over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank's swiss division."," she was also criticised over a £1 million donation to the Labour Party, which she had refused to disclose.",1.000000
"a grieving son was forced to dig his mother's grave after a council `co-ordination error 'meant work had not been done to the burial plot. clint gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland, only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes. mr gee planned to place his mother, elizabeth hobbs, who died last year, with his father, alex gee, who died in 1964.","  The grieving father had travelled from his home outside Brisbane, where his mother died in 1963.",1.000000
"pretty spot: queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight. `it is impossible to imagine a prettier spot, 'queen victoria said of her holiday residence, osborne house on the isle of wight. it was at the beach there that she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine, and that all of her children learned to swim."," `her children had learned the art, but the art of being able, if they wanted to, to swim in a pool.",1.000000
"baltimore, maryland -lrb- cnn -rrb- protesters angry over the death of freddie gray got into physical altercations with police saturday night in downtown baltimore near the city's famed baseball stadium. some of the hundreds who confronted lines of police officers got into shoving matches with helmeted cops while other demonstrators threw objects. at least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them.","  The violence was reported around 11:30p on Saturday, after a group of about 100 protesters gathered near the city police headquarters.",1.000000
"so the farewell tour will fizzle out rather than end with a bang. steven gerrard hoped his liverpool career would end at wembley but now the curtain will fall in stoke. the dream was for gerrard to end his 25-year association with liverpool by lifting the fa cup on his 35th birthday before starting his new adventure with la galaxy yet now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous."," This was a very sad day at a club that has always been known more fond memories, but the loss was felt across all levels of football.",1.000000
"the manchester derby will be more like el clasico, with 14 native spanish-speaking players due to be involved. eight of united's first-team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish-speaking countries. they are david de gea, victor valdes, juan mata, ander herrera -lrb- all spain -rrb-, marcos rojo, angel di maria -lrb- both argentina -rrb-, antonio valencia -lrb- ecuador -rrb- and falcao -lrb- colombia -rrb- at united, and willy caballero, pablo zabaleta, martin demichelis, sergio aguero -lrb- all argentina -rrb-, jesus navas and david silva -lrb- both spain -rrb- at city."," the derby, as well as a friendly against the german champions will also be played at home.",1.000000
"ten deputies have been placed on leave after a shocking video emerged showing them punching and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes following a chase through the california desert. in the video, captured by an nbc helicopter, francis pusok, 30, is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing after being pursued several miles by the san bernardino county officers. seconds later, two deputies catch up to pusok and stun him with their tasers."," , the horse is taken into custody, and the deputies are then heard laughing and joking about the incident.",1.000000
"every second of the day you are subjected to radiation from compounds in soil, buildings and even your own body. but for people who fly frequently, cosmic radiation can increase this exposure significantly. now there is an app that records your personal radiation to reveal how much you are exposed to from from medical examinations, changes in your location, and flights."," it's the first app to track your exposure to medical radiation and to provide real time radiation data.",1.000000
"although st mary's hospital in london is the first choice of venue for the delivery of the royal baby, hospitals in reading and norfolk are on standby. the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years. although st mary's hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery, two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duchess leaves the capital.","  The first hospital to put on hold operations was in Reading.",1.000000
"a not-for-profit group that organised seminars featuring us anti-vaccination campaigner sherri tenpenny before she had to cancel due to threats of violence has had its charity status cancelled. the australian charities and not-for-profits commission -lrb- acnc -rrb- made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday. the organisation is run by well-known brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger who has penned a number of children's books, including melanie's marvelous measles.","  the organisation has been criticised on social networking sites, with many people questioning the legitimacy of the commission.",1.000000
"eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season and on saturday he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to chelsea's imminent title victory. he is now the player you look to in a crisis. he is the man who has been eking out wins when the team hasn't been at its best."," his form has been excellent, he's been the best player on the pitch and his form has been a key factor on the team winning.",1.000000
"tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals qpr the club's `biggest game 'for years. they host rangers on tuesday with sherwood admitting he does not have the players to grind out results. victory would move villa five points clear of the barclays premier league drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if qpr, three points behind with a better goal difference, win.","  villas boss Sherwood has said he would not be surprised to see a team from the lower division win the title.",1.000000
"asia siddiqui not only saw herself as a soldier for allah, but a poet as well. the 31-year-old woman who was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate, 28-year-old noelle velentzas, was also friends with the one-time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire. samir khan, an american citizen, was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen."," the arrest of siddique was the first time she had ever faced a charge of terrorist activity.",1.000000
"a two-year-old girl who was born with abnormal facial development is now smiling, laughing and dancing again six months after a major surgery, aided by 3d printing, helped reshape her face. violet pietrok, who lives in portland, oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. it is so rare only 100 cases have been reported."," her mother had to have the baby removed because of a rare genetic condition, and she had to undergo several surgeries to correct it, but she is happy now, her parents say.",1.000000
"sue sim came to national prominence five years ago when she led the northumbria police manhunt for killer raoul moat. a chief constable facing a bullying probe for her alleged alex ferguson-style `hair dryer treatment 'of colleagues is to retire with full pension after 30 years of service. sue sim, who came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt, said she was` sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family."," the chief of the police force, which was rocked by a police corruption scandal in the 1990's, has said she will step down with a pension of $100 a week, but the force has not yet confirmed her retirement age, or whether her pension will rise.",1.000000
"sheffield wednesday claimed all three points against championship play-off hopefuls brentford with a 1-0 win thanks to kieran lee's second-half goal. with both teams playing with high defensive lines at hillsborough there were a high number of long balls attempted by each side but, with few finding their mark, the game produced nothing of note for the vast majority of the first half. it took until the 35th minute for a decent chance to present itself when a whipped cross found caolan lavery in the box but the owls striker could not wrap his foot around it and the ball sailed wide of the post."," a couple of minutes later a corner from lee's corner found the back of net and it looked like it might have been enough as the hosts looked like they were in control of the match.",1.000000
"a serious knee injury may have cruelly ended bojan krkic's season in january but it hasn't stopped the stoke striker keeping up-to-date with the premier league. scheduled to return to action in july, the former ac milan and roma forward has been keeping a close eye on england's top-flight as he recovers in barcelona. here, bojan tells sportsmail which players make his team of the season."," , the former skipper of skriniča and skrinoja has been keeping a very close eye upon England.",1.000000
"stretching out his arms and looking beseechingly upwards, this is the moment that 16-month-old noah ginesi from penrith in cumbria reached out for a hug with prince charles. the heart-warming moment occurred during a visit to the rheged centre in cumbria, where the prince of wales was meeting farmers and charity staff. charles, who is grandfather to 20-month-old prince george and has another grandchild on the way, looked delighted and bent down to talk to the little boy who was held by his mother, genevieve."," ""he is a very special boy,"" said the prince, who is a former teacher.",1.000000
"when booking a holiday it is easy to be confused when it turns out your flight to vancouver in canada goes to airport code yvr, or why you will be landing in malaga, spain, at an airport with the code agp. while many main airports have codes which make sense, such as jfk for john f. kennedy international airport in new york, of lhr for london heathrow, others can leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter."," the most confusing thing about airport booking, if the airport is not on your flight itineraries and the flight number doesn´tee, the airport is usually not on your itineraries.",1.000000
"children are known to copy the actions of their parents. and one adorable little girl has mastered a brilliant impression of her pregnant mother. captured in a 15-second clip, the youngster emulates the way her pregnant mother walks - and the result is hilarious.","  the video shows the little one mimicking her mother's steps, which are clearly meant only for a mother, and then her mother's movements.",1.000000
"chatting happily and smiling during a peaceful walk in the grounds of their scottish country home, they could be any long-married couple enjoying a stroll. but this is the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall and the intimate shot marks not 40 years of marriage but 10. the couple, who married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall, are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside."," the prince is the heir apparent, the princess is the princess, the duke the Duke of Norfolk and the duke's wife is a friend, a neighbour and the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duchess's sister.",1.000000
"accused: patrick fredricksen, 30, in a police photo. a known child sex offender has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a school bus and driving it around to pick up youngsters. patrick james fredricksen, 30 - who has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter - was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern utah, police say.","  ""He was stopped by the school bus driver, who told the police officer that he was going through a school parking garage and was looking for some young girls,"" police spokesman Mike Smith told ABC 7.",1.000000
"a first-of-its-kind 3d simulation has revealed what happens when two supermassive black holes dramatically collide in a disk. the video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape. and the simulation is particularly interesting, because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years - so the prediction can be tested in real life."," the simulation was created by researchers at NASA's Spacetech Center in Pasadena and is available for anyone to download.",1.000000
"a u.s. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal."," the father, who wishes only the best, posted the video on his Facebook page.",1.000000
"health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking. the proposal has been put forward by experts at nhs health scotland, the scottish government's health promotions agency, which says more action is needed to tackle the `continuing problem 'of` hazardous alcohol consumption in young people'. the move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in scotland."," the proposal has been put forward on behalf the National Health and Social Care Board (NHSSB), a body which advises the government on health policy.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- prosperity gospel pastor creflo dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey gulfstream g650. dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet. in a newly posted five-minute clip on youtube, the atlanta-area pastor speaks to his followers at world changers church international, tackling his critics and allegations about tithes, his real name and reports alleging members of having to reveal their w2 statuses to come into the church's sanctuary."," the video was originally posted to youtube by a group called www, which has since deleted it.",1.000000
"former new england patriots star and newly convicted killer aaron hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded. earlier today, the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player odin lloyd. a jury panel in fall river, massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating hernandez's fate before returning a guilty verdict."," the trial was a first-degree case, but a jury found her guilty on all counts.",1.000000
"bournemouth are within touching distance; they can almost smell the big-time. another hurdle on their way to the premier league has been negotiated as they secured a hard-fought win over reading. this was tense, though."," a couple of good goals, but the hosts had to be content, even though they had to play without a first eleven.",1.000000
"cctv pictures show a man police want to speak to after a `peeping tom 'incident at a swimming pool. these pictures show a` peeping tom' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool. at around 12.","30 am a man walked in through a side exit at a swimming pool on the city of londondern.",1.000000
"a 14-year-old high school freshman has killed himself in a ditch after being bullied by older students, according to friends. raymond howell jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney, texas - around four miles from where he attended school at mckinney boyd high - on thursday."," the teen had been bullied at home, and had recently started taking medication for depression, friends said.",1.000000
"arrested: rebecca grant tried to head-butt a deputy, scratched the police car's with her teeth, bit the upholstery and 'threatened to kill the deputies' a maine woman who was being hauled off to jail is facing even more charges after allegedly tearing apart a police cruiser with her teeth and attempting to head-butt a sheriff's deputy. police in limington, maine, had been responding to reports that an apparently drunk woman was walking in and out of traffic and laying in the road on saturday afternoon. rebecca grant, 40, initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her id and found that she was out on bail."," she had been arrested for assaulting the officer and assaulting a construcionist.",1.000000
"arsenal boss arsene wenger has branded the obsession with jurgen klopp's next move as a `ridiculous circus'. klopp confirmed on wednesday that his intention was to leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in which the club won two bundesliga titles and reached the champions league final. it sparked a frenzy of speculation about whether the charismatic 47-year-old might be destined for the barclays premier league with arsenal or manchester city, where manager manuel pellegrini is feeling the heat after a poor run of form."," , who has spent the last two seasons at the club as sporting manager, said: ""the obsession about what klopp is going to do at the end, it's laughable.",1.000000
"greece has denied it will fail to pay a multi-million pound loan following reports it has drawn up plans to introduce parallel drachma currency to pay domestic bills. the country is due to repay a # 330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said that greece will in fact make the payment on time.","  greece has already made a €500 million payment on a loan made during the bailout, but the government has been struggling financially eversince the country's banks went bust, leading to the country's first sovereign default in more then 30 years.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- five years after the deepwater horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to truly understand -- its profound environmental and economic repercussions. the immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented, with declines in tourism and the seafood industry, as well as the significant destruction of wildlife in the region. since then, the amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery."," but what is still not fully clear, are how much more crude oil will be spilled in years ahead, if not forever, and whether or where the impacts on wildlife and ecosystems will be as profound as the oil spill itself.",1.000000
"suspected rogue trader navinder sarao lived in his parents' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds - and a potential # 40million offshore nest egg. his family's semi-detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges, giving him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the city. his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london, giving him a massive commercial advantage."," his father, a trader in London for years, is a former chief executive at the bank, and he has been a close associate, with his brother and sister.",1.000000
"appointment: courtney brain, 16, was taken out of lessons when she visited her gp for treatment. a straight-a schoolgirl was given a detention for missing half an hour of lessons for an emergency appointment with her gp, her mother claimed yesterday. courtney brain, 16, was taken out of school at skegness academy when she visited her gp for treatment for a water infection."," a teacher told her the school had stopped teaching because the school had stopped taking students, and the school was not able to pay the teacher's fee.",1.000000
"head coach john carver admitted he was'em barrassed 'by newcastle's capitulation at sunderland after seeing his side slip to a fifth successive derby defeat. jermain defoe's stunning strike was enough to secure a 1-0 victory for the black cats, who eased their relegation fears with just a third barclays premier league win of the season at the stadium of light. the magpies were desperately poor before the break and only marginally better after it to leave geordie carver red-faced."," the defeat was the second time this year the club have lost in front the stadium of light and they have now gone three games without a clean sheet at home, conceding a further six.",1.000000
"a mother-of-three has been forced to remortgage her home after years of dental treatment left her mouth looking like an `oral bombsite '. rose devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.","  'I had to take out a mortgage on the house because my mouth looked as though it was being bombed,' said devevereu, an artist and mother of three, adding that she was left with a permanent scar on her upper lip, a swollen tongue and a gaping hole in one of her eyes, which was closed by braces after her teeth were treated.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- how will the new ""fantastic four"" differ from the original movie of a decade ago? for starters, as a new trailer shows, sue and johnny storm's father initiates the project that ends up giving the foursome their powers. they also end up in another dimension, and we see the early flirtation between sue storm and reed richards as well."," -lr- cn- the new film is set during a time where there are more than just superheroes.",1.000000
"a former factory girl who earned less than # 100 a month is now worth # 4.9 billion, and has been named china's richest woman. zhou qunfei has shared her incredible `rags to riches' life story with the people's daily, after the self-made billionaire's company lens technology went public -- making her wealthier than richard branson."," ""I am the richest girl on the planet.",1.000000
"philadelphia might mean the city of brotherly love in greek, but the sentiment of the name apparently doesn't always doesn't apply to philly's female residents. at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon. the fight broke out at a store location in the city's rittenhouse square neighborhood."," according to the Philadelphia Inquirer, the brawl started when a female shopped at a nearby clothing shop, and then a group started arguing with another woman, who allegedly punched and kicked a male shopper.",1.000000
"a gp has warned the health service is at `breaking point 'as he faces the challenge of providing a safe standard of care for 4,300 patients on his books. dr arfon williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in north wales, after his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march. his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service, dr williams said.","  ""I have been advised by the health service that we need to look at our own practices, which are already at breaking points,"" he said.",1.000000
"in february of this year, bride-to-be adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years, david elliot. little did she know she would never get the chance to wear it, despite already paying for half. the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown, she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life.","  ""I was just so excited to be able to do this,"" said ellie.",1.000000
"a veteran has described the hurt he felt after being disrespected by a mob of university of florida fraternity members during a charity weekend that honors wounded heroes in panama beach city. the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them, shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the american flag. the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the warrior beach retreat on april 17."," a veteran, who was not named in the complaint because he was not a member, said the fraternity was ""disrespectful"" to him, his wife and children, but the group did not retaliate, and the fraternity members were not arrested, the veteran told police.",1.000000
"abc's world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years. nbc's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the iraq war in 2003. according to nielsen ratings, abc's world news tonight with david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3, with the show pulling in 7.","5m total audience, up 9% over last week's 7 million total audience, the highest in the history, and a record high, surpassingly beating out ABC News Nightline's last week's record of 72.",1.000000
"two britons may be among seven people who were killed when a light aircraft crashed in the dominican republic today. the foreign office is looking into reports that two british citizens were among the six passengers on the small plane which crashed in the punta cana region of the caribbean island. the accident is believed to have happened at about 8.","30 am on the island of Barbuda, where a number have died, the Foreign Ministry has announced.",1.000000
"a retired calgary couple who were attacked by pirates during a sailing trip in honduras two weeks ago said they're grateful to be alive after the terrifying incident. loretta reinholdt, 54, and andy wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked. four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas."," the couple told the Calgary Eyeops they were attacked by a gang consisting of three black men and two white males.",1.000000
"a german language teacher has been suspended in france after suggesting that panzers should invade the country again so as `subdue unruly pupils'. the frenchwoman also used her classes to defend adolf hitler's domestic record, and his plans for overseas expansion.` he was a good man who built motorways and liked music, 'she is alleged to have said, before being suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges, west-central france."," `she was also accused of making racist and homophobic jokes, but the teacher was later released on bail after the police found no criminal record.",1.000000
"whoever snatched a seal or sea lion pup from a los angeles beach early sunday should not confuse the animal's cuteness with its potentially vicious bite, according to an animal rescue expert. witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m."," on a busy stretch near the intersection at the Santa Ana River and Interstate 280, said animal rescue specialist and animal welfare expert, Michael J.",1.000000
"argentina beat ecuador 2-1 to notch a second straight copa america warm-up victory without lionel messi at a freezing metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday. gerardo martino's argentina, with captain messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury, had beaten el salvador 2-0 in washington on saturday. they went in front after eight minutes on tuesday when midfielder javier pastore glanced an angel di maria corner towards the far post where striker sergio aguero headed his 22nd international goal and first since argentina beat germany 4-2 in a friendly last september."," the game went to extra-time when the ball went over the bar and into a corner.",1.000000
"angus hawley's brother has spoken of his shock after his brother, the ex-husband of antonia kidman, died of a suspected heart attack, age 46, in new york on saturday. speaking to daily mail australia on monday, david hawley said: `it's a real shock, he was one of the fittest men i've ever met -- he's swimming everyday. 'responding to a question about whether angus had a history of heart problems, david answered:` no, no, not that we know of', adding: `he's so fit, i don't understand."," 'he had a heart murphy, but he had always been very healthy, he had never suffered anything like that.",1.000000
"scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create super-strong robots that can carry over 100 times their own weight. the nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall. another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μtug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier."," the robots can be controlled using a computer and are controlled by a joystick on a computer monitor, allowing for precise controls over the robot.",1.000000
"out there in the desert, the mirage continues to shimmer for amir khan. the identity of the challenge becomes blurred in the haze. first it looks like floyd mayweather."," then it looks as though it's the mirages team.",1.000000
"the conservative and labour parties will get a nearly identical number of votes in the general election, a new poll predicts. the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, according to the daily telegraph survey, leaving either ukip or the liberal democrats as potential kingmakers in a future coalition."," The poll, conducted by the University's Institute on Politics, found the two largest opposition parties will get just under a tenth each of votes in the general, with the Liberals and Labour each receiving just under a tenth each.",1.000000
"maiquetia, venezuela: it's a long way from bundoran -- and a long way from the belfast homes of paddy barnes and michael conlan. the pair mischievously claimed that donegal's seaside town was their destination of choice for a post-olympic break following their respective bronze medal wins at london 2012, but they have certainly travelled far and wide during the current olympiad. barnes may have already been well known in ireland prior to their achievements in london, but taking up his part in a charming double act with conlan only endeared him further to a nation that unfortunately only flirts with the amateur version of the sport every four years before medallists appear on homecoming flights."," This isn't to suggest that barns' exploits are a bad idea.",1.000000
"rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic: on pages 16 and 17 of the united review, next to a picture of ander herrera, screamed the words `right place, right time '. that hasn't always been the case during the spaniard's debut season at old trafford. between october 20 and february 17, herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period, prompting much chatter about his place in the squad."," the only time the Spaniards had a player of his calibRE in that spot was on a friendly against liverpool in oct.",1.000000
"no blame: baroness hale of richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes. divorce laws in england and wales should remove the need for allegations of adultery and blame, britain's most senior female judge has said. baroness hale of richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce."," divorce rules in England should remove the demand for allegations of adultery and the need, she told the BBC.",1.000000
"a judge has sentenced an oregon man to 10 years in prison on monday for fatally stabbing his boyfriend, but the victim's mother says that's not long enough. tony lopez lozano, 35, was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend, brian romo, after fatally stabbing romo in the heart following an argument at their oregon city home, the oregonian reports. lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, kathleen tapia."," ""I don`ti think this is the right sentence for him,"" tapia told ABC affiliate KVAL-TV.",1.000000
"a woman who chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies found it so beneficial, she launched an app offering others the chance to do the same thing. charlotte li, 26, from london, decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick. she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling `fat and unhealthy '."," ' I was on a weight management kick and felt like I was on a diet, and I was looking at my weight and I thought it looked like I had gained weight,' said the fashion designer, adding: 'I thought it looked really unhealthy, so when I saw my husband's photo, I was really happy.'",1.000000
"a cocaine smuggler who was caught crossing the atlantic with # 200million of drugs got so hungry on the trip he started snorting part of the one-tonne haul. benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist, cork circuit criminal court heard. the 35-year-old window cleaner, from bradford, was one of three brits who were arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland in september."," he was sentenced to two-and-a-third years jail, suspended on condition the drugs be seized.",1.000000
"an ontario girl whose father chose her needier twin sister to receive his liver donation has now gotten a lifesaving new organ of her own. vietnamese binh wagner, 3, and her identical twin phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome. but when phuoc needed a donor just a little more, their adopted father michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match."," phuoc is now on the road to recovery, and her twin phua, 2 is now on the mend, and is expected to make a speedy recovery too, as her liver function was improved so fast, that her parents were shocked at the news, and they're now hoping that she can be a part of a new family.",1.000000
"it is cold, remote, dangerous, and a hot spot for one of the world's most volatile and entrenched political stand-offs. so it comes as a surprise that the korean demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- - located along the no-man's land between the north and south - is next to a burgeoning surf spot for south korean hipsters, gangsters, ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class. photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties, where fishermen and day-trippers are placed alongside soldiers, tanks and their fortified military installations."," the area is also home, along with a number of small businesses, bars and restaurants, the largest part, however of the city of korea, to the city's largest nightclub, the club is known, like many other of Seoul -rk - rk, as the ""club where you go if you are bored"".",1.000000
"ronny deila is preparing for the william hill scottish cup semi-final against inverness, believing celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes. the scottish league cup winners are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row. asked ahead of the trip to hampden park on sunday if he felt he had a treble-winning squad at his disposal, the norwegian boss said:."," ""I'm sure we have a good squad.",1.000000
"it's well known that exercise can make your muscles bigger. now, a study has found it may make your brain larger, too. physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination, according to health day news."," the study, published today (May 23) on ScienceDaily.",1.000000
"memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday as the club look to tie up a move for the psv eindhoven winger. depay, 21, jetted to england with representatives including his agent kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation led by manager louis van gaal. united are leading the hunt for the pacy holland international but face opposition from paris saint - germain while liverpool have also expressed an interest."," A deal is expected to be completed by the start the new season but the club are still waiting on a medical from depay's father.",1.000000
"arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper. the chelsea shot-stopper looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season after losing the no 1 spot to thibaut courtois. cech will hold talks with manager jose mourinho at the end of the season where the keeper will confirm his decision to leave west london."," the club will be hoping to secure the services of a new goalkeeper in the coming weeks.",1.000000
"aston villa attacker gabriel agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned as he closes in on a return to first-team action. agbonlahor took to instagram to show off his fight for full fitness as he posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer. the 28-year-old missed villa's semi-final victory over liverpool at wembley stadium last weekend because of a troublesome hamstring injury."," he was then replaced on a stretchers by the injured defender, but the Spaniard was back on the pitch in time to score the winning strike in the 2-1 defeat at home to lfc on Thursday afternoon, and now looks certain to start against lfc.",1.000000
"police fear that two serial pedophiles arrested last month may have had more victims. authorities in muskogee, oklahoma announced on wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims of william `frankie 'dugan, 29, and 32-year-old valerie ojo. the couple were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children, aged 5 and 6."," the victims of william`s crimes were allegedly taken from their home in muskogee, and were allegedly kept in an abandoned car, where they had been abused, beaten, and raped.",1.000000
"forget sober black and charcoal grey. pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness and the style is now spreading to the high street. those championing pink include christine lagarde, the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund, and plaid cymru's leanne wood, who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last thursday.","  the colour is not only popular but it is a fashion accessory.",1.000000
"murdered nursing student karen buckley -lrb- pictured -rrb- died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate. nursing student karen buckley died of head and neck injuries, it was revealed today as the man charged with her murder made his second court appearance. her death certificate detailing the fatal injuries was signed by the 24-year-old's parents marion, 62, and john, 61, who have spoken of their heartbreak at losing their `cherished 'daughter."," the document shows that the girl was found dead at a nursing school on May 23.",1.000000
"the father one of one three children who were tragically killed in palm bay, florida, in march has spoken out about the kids he cared for and loved. seven-year-old lacey mccarty, six-year-old phillip mccarty and five-month-old christopher swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, jessica mccarty, in a botched murder-suicide. christopher swist - father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating jessica mccarty just before the alleged killings - had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball."," christophe swist was also a father figure to all of jesse and jessica.",1.000000
"it is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones. an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show."," the chimp managed the flight and landed the craft in a bush.",1.000000
"a property developer in a wealthy connecticut suburb believes his family are the victims of small-town vengeance which saw his son demoted in the local little league to punish him for threatening the town's overwhelmingly white ethnic makeup. christopher stefanoni, a 50-year-old from darien, a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $200,000, says his nine-year old was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing. according to a lawsuit filed by stefanoni, locals are so worried at the prospect of the town's black population - currently 70 people, or 0.","5 percent, of all households, and a majority of them white, that the local school board has been ordered to provide ""no more black children"" at all.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the solar impulse 2, the experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel, has been grounded by the weather in china. what was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in the southwestern city of chongqing has now stretched into a two-and-a-half week stay. it's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members, just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover some 35,000 kilometers -lrb- 21,748 miles -rrb- over five months."," the team's goal is to make the longest solo solar-powered flight in space.",1.000000
"siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer. o'connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20. hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30."," Aussie runner, Sarah-Jane Williams won silver at the bpms with a 2:13.",1.000000
"at tokyo's narita airport, the newly-opened terminal 3 sure has some quirky features. among them, strips of brightly-coloured running track, which have been installed in the airport's hallways. while of course passengers are entertained by the latest buzzworthy stunt, we have to wonder: were they really intended to encourage travellers to dash to their boarding gate?"," the answer, of course, is ""yes"".",1.000000
"digital delivery of music. caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for. the first time last year, the trade association ifpi said on."," the second, the trade group for the music business.",1.000000
"a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap. cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshake that she had just been served. after four separate requests to speak to a manager, the customer finally got the employee's attention."," the video then cuts off as the angry female employee walks off the job.",1.000000
"it has long been considered that a lie-flat bed is the only way to get a good night's sleep on a plane. but boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre `upright 'sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too. nicknamed the` cuddle chair,' the somewhat comical idea could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience by eliminating the need for reclining seats at all.","  The chair is designed so passengers can sit up straight and face forward while they sleep, and is designed to be placed on a flat surface that's not too far from the seat, allowing passengers to lie on their back, rather than being supported on either side of the seat.",1.000000
"a mother-of-four whose addiction to red bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis. sarah weatherill, 31, became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine. the law student spent a staggering # 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009."," she says she has been given a 'cured' body, but her condition remains the source of constant anxiety, which she says keeps her from getting on the plane, going shopping or taking her daughter on holiday.",1.000000
"nasa has spotted an exoplanet 13,000 light-years away, making it one of the most distant planets ever found. known as `ogle-2014-blg-0124lb, 'the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile. the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way.","  The exoplanite is about 13 times as far away as our sun and is about the same size.",1.000000
"unique insight: cjullian fellowes, pictured with downton star michelle dockery. downton abbey creator julian fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the chalke valley history festival. the stellar bill also includes historian david starkey, best-selling novelist kate mosse, award-winning biographer claire tomalin, explorer sir ranulph fiennes, private eye editor ian hislop and neil macgregor, who recently announced he is to step down as director of the british museum."," Posted by juliann fellowe in Film, Film, Film, Movies Tags : brian, cajun britain Posted by julia at 12/29 /2010 11/29/2010 12/29/2010 12/29/2010 12:29:59 AM Viewed by 0 users, 0 views Posted on by juliann fellowe in Film Tags: brian Posted by julia at 11:59 AM | 0 comments The film is a documentary about the history of the brian, a town on the west sept of the brian peninsula.",1.000000
"jordan spieth believes he will be better equipped to cope with the pressure of trying to win the masters after coming close to creating history last year. spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round 12 months ago as he looked to surpass the absent tiger woods as the youngest ever masters champion, as well as being the first player to win on their tournament debut since fuzzy zoeller in 1979. that lead became a two-shot deficit as he bogeyed the eighth and ninth and bubba watson birdied the same holes, watson eventually going on to win his second green jacket in the space of three years.","  spy's win over wetteland in the finals of last year is a fitting end to a career that has spurned the spotlight and the spotlight has returned to him, as the man known more for being the world's top player than the man who plays it.",1.000000
"this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado sweeps past a hapless motorist in illinois, who films it from his truck. the driver, sam smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. it's an apocalyptic sight - and mr smith feels trapped, because he can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape."," the tornado then moves into the truck and starts ripping the driver to bits, and then the tornado turns into a tornado again, and it continues to tear the driver to pieces, and it continues on.",1.000000
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart iran's nuclear ambitions, saying he sees better options than ""this bad deal or war."" ""i think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal,"" netanyahu told cnn's jim acosta sunday on ""state of the union."" his comments come as democrats and republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift western sanctions on iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges, limiting its highly enriched uranium, and increasing inspections."," ""i think there's a better way to solve this,"" he told the network's ""acostra"" program.",1.000000
"gareth bale has been urged to ignore a return to the premier league and persevere at real madrid by former wales manager mark hughes. the world's most expensive player has endured a difficult second season at the bernabeu. despite starring in both the 2014 copa del rey and champions league finals, the 25-year-old has become a figure of frustration for fans this term."," the former Wales captain has scored just one goal this term, his lowest figure ever in the league.",1.000000
"it's crunch time this weekend at the top of the premier league as second-placed arsenal host table toppers chelsea - and it appears one star of the former's team can not wait for the ever-nearing kick-off. arsenal playmaker mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on sunday with his brand new apple watch. the 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon."," ""the timepieces that I got are very expensive and I'm not a fan of spending money.",1.000000
"the father branded a `pikey 'during a neighbourhood row over christmas lights will defiantly switch them on tonight. kevin franklin, of dunstable, bedfordshire, says he will switch his lights on every evening in april for autism awareness month. mr franklin's 15-year-old son bradley is autistic and the family want to use his christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability."," , who works as an electric engineer in the city centre and has autism and Asper's syndrome, said: ""he has autism, but I'm sure he'll be fine.""",1.000000
"toni duggan says free-scoring england will fear nobody at this summer's world cup finals as they aim to make history by winning their first major tournament. having recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year, the manchester city striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in canada in june. england have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous world cup appearances but duggan, who has 11 goals in 16 games for her country, is convinced mark sampson's team can go further this time."," ""the team is really strong, the squad are really strong and the players really are really strong,"" said the striker, who has been in fine health after a serious injury to a knee suffered during a match at home to englanders in mid September, ""and I think the team are really confident that they are in a good position.""",1.000000
"on wednesday, sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each premier league club is around the globe according to twitter followers. arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68 million followers ahead of chelsea -lrb- 5.","47million, and brentford 5 million, while jamaica came second at a respectable 4.",1.000000
"ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 `golden hello 'payments because it is far cheaper than training them in britain. managers from the london ambulance service, the largest in the nhs, have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne. they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours."," the new doctors will have to be certified by the british ambulance authority.",1.000000
"gareth bale drives an unstoppable left-footed bullet in at the far post during a routine training drill as real madrid train on wednesday. it's powerful, poised and emphatic, though far from a winner at the nou camp, but it's all the welshman can do for now as he returns from international duty to a less than appreciative fan base. bale joined cristiano ronaldo and co for their second day back at training as they prepared for their first match back after the devastating loss to barcelona that saw them fall four points behind the la liga leaders."," the game was played at the nue and the players had to wait until around 2:30pm before they were able to go out on to the training ground.",1.000000
"a man has appeared in court charged with murdering irish student karen buckley. alexander pacteau, 21, allegedly killed the nursing student, whose disappearance sparked a huge police search earlier this week. he is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it emerged at a private court appearance today at glasgow sheriff court."," the court heard that pacteau was in court to answer charges over a series of offences, including attempted murder and attempted robbery, which he allegedly committed on Thursday.",1.000000
"a father has told how he's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school. chris early, who owns a production company in knoxville, tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies."," , who is a father, said he's now used a drone to walk his nine yearold daughter to and fro, and has even made her a homemade toy, to show how much he loves being able do things with his daughter.",1.000000
"on loan real madrid striker javier hernandez is ready to lead the line in their pivotal champions league quarter-final second leg tie against bitter city rivals atletico, according to as. the spanish publication reports that the 26-year-old links up well with real superstar cristiano ronaldo - where in his last two appearances for the club he has scored a goal and created an assist. hernandez, who is on a season-long loan from manchester united, is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti's side - with the club going through an injury crisis at present."," ""Javi's a very strong, strong striker,"" a source close the striker's camp said.",1.000000
"a narrow two-bedroom home so small it is only 5ft wide in places has been snapped up for a staggering # 750,000. the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in islington, north london. despite being only a little wider than a rugby player's shoulders, the estate agency blurb described the property as being `well proportioned '."," the tiny home is located on a street which was once the home site of the former home shop of the local pub.",1.000000
"he is the prince of derring-do, flying in an apache helicopter in afghanistan and braving sub-zero temperatures to trek across frozen wastes to the south pole. now prince harry has been filmed revelling in a daring new adventure -- a stomach-churning flight in a spitfire. buckingham palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in australia tomorrow, where he will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force."," he was filmed flying in a jet with his family, his mother and sister.",1.000000
"a ginger tabby cat sneaked inside a shipping container in egypt before embarking on a mammoth 3,000 mile trip to herefordshire - without food and water. the kitten, who has since been named sinbad, was discovered by puzzled staff at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg, hereford. they heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen."," the staff called for help, but when they arrived, they found the cat was dead.",1.000000
"lionel messi wants celtic back in the champions league next season, so he can have the opportunity of playing in the `best atmosphere in europe 'once more. the scottish giants failed to qualify for europe's elite club competition this campaign after losing 2-1 on aggregate to slovenian outfit maribor in the play-off round in august. the bhoys' celtic park is famous for it's electrifying atmosphere during champions league nights and messi who has sampled this first hand with barcelona in 2008, 2012 and 2013 would like a repeat scenario with the catalan club so he can collect more mementos and memories.","  the scottish giants did not qualify this season for the elite league competition and messi is hoping the league will see a comeback for him and the bhyo.",1.000000
"the future of travel will be virtual. never again will you need to board a plane to be able to take in the world's most breathtaking locales, at least if facebook has anything to say about it. in a recent q&a on the social media site, ceo and co-founder, mark zuckerberg, opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role."," , the world's largest travel site and one which was acquired earlier in the year, recently launched a new virtual reality experience which allows users to travel through the virtual reality world, where the virtual world is the physical world, using their smartphone.",1.000000
"almost 50 people a year die of skin cancer after being exposed to the sun at work in the uk, research shows. it found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure. a separate study, also commissioned by the institution of occupational safety and health, found there was a `macho culture 'in some parts of the construction industry, with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were.","  the study found that while most workers in these sectors had been told to wear safety glasses, the majority were not, suggesting the industry is not doing its best job educating workers about sun safety.",1.000000
"an armed man has been arrested after kidnapping a woman, shooting and killing census bureau guard and leading police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded. ronald anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his `visibly afraid 'girlfriend, according to court documents obtained on friday. it all took place on his birthday.","  ""He was a man I knew,"" said a neighbor, ""I was afraid of his presence.",1.000000
"`evil ': the duchess of cambridge's uncle gary goldsmith took to twitter after his beloved chihuahua cheech was run over by a` speeding' cyclist in regents park. the duchess of cambridge's uncle hit out yesterday at a `speeding 'cyclist who ran over his dog and` left him for dead'. gary goldsmith, the controversial brother of kate's mother, carole middleton, posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua, cheech, on social media."," he said: ""the duchems of cambridge and the chihuahuas are so close, I can`t imagine the pain this has caused.",1.000000
"like many teenage girls, madison hurd had been dreaming of her prom all year. but a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from seward, nebraska in the hospital, and it seemed like there was no chance she'd make it to her special night. that is, until nurses and hurd's friends brought prom right to her bed at the children's hospital and medical center in omaha."," ""the prom was the only thing I was really worried for,"" she said.",1.000000
"patterns appearing on both the very large and very small scale are rare in nature. but researchers have found such a pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin, and the mysterious fairy circles in namibia. while the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, as if the landscape is marked with freckles, the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells.","  the fairy circle is the result, researchers have found, after careful analysis of a large collection, which includes more than a dozen different species, some belonging to the same genus, some of which are found only in the same areas, some only on the very small scale.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- larry upright died just one day after hillary clinton announced she was running for president. and in his obituary, his family made just two requests: please donate to a children's hospital, and please don't vote for clinton. upright, a staunch republican, died monday at a north carolina hospital."," his family says his condition was critical.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a sobering example of life imitating art, the chaos sweeping the streets of baltimore may have been partly inspired by a series of action-horror movies. baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere monday afternoon started amid rumors, spread on social media, of a ""purge"" led by large groups of marauding high school students. the term appears to be a reference to 2013's ""the purge"" and its sequel, last year's ""the purge: anarchy,"" about a dystopian future america where on one day each year, all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period and all crimes, including murder, become temporarily legal."," The riots began at a mall near the school and quickly swept through balti baltimore.",1.000000
"west bromwich albion will make a # 3million move for wales international left-back neil taylor this summer. swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old who has impressed several premier league managers over the past few years including brendan rodgers at liverpool and alan pardew at crystal palace. however, tony pulis is keen to jump in and show his desire to sign the stylish defender ahead of what could be a busy summer at the hawthorns.","  taylor, the former England Under 21 international, has made over 100 appearances at centre-mid, left-mid and right midfield this season and has been a constant presence in Swansea midfield.",1.000000
"the draw for the champions league has pitted pep guardiola's bayern munich against his former club barcelona, while handing italian champions a daunting task against holders real madrid. with sub-plots aplenty, and quality assured, the final four of european's premier competition will all feel they have a real chance of adding to their european titles. sportsmail's reporters look at each side's reasons for optimism, and caution, ahead of the semi-finals... bayern munich by chris wheeler."," Posted on September 28th, 2013 by chris_wheelers The Champions Leipzeel The Champions League's final four are on the line, and it is a game that will have the world's media and fans in a frenzy.",1.000000
"seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of melbourne on wednesday en route to their native country. the 40 centimetre-long philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by melbourne zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight. the arrival of these one year olds to the palawan wildlife rescue & conservation centre in southern philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species."," ""the animals will now be moved into the sanctuary in a specially constructed box and the animals are now on a journey to a safe and secure location,"" said zoo director, Michael C.",1.000000
"a man has accused rapper dmx and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning. the unidentified newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is earl simmons, while at an exxon station on sunday, according to newark police spokesman sgt. ronald glover."," the alleged victim said the alleged robber was holding up a sign that read ""$1.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a lot of questions. not too many answers. exactly one week after being taken into police custody in baltimore, freddie gray died sunday under circumstances that are unclear."," the autopsy report is still being reviewed by the police department.",1.000000
"manchester city's hopes of retaining the premier league title were dealt another blow as manuel pellegrini's men limped to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace. glenn murray fired the eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort before jason puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead. yaya toure grabbed one back for the visitors, but it wasn't enough to stop city from losing further ground on league leaders chelsea."," the Eagles were level on aggregate after just nine minutes, when yair bakki's cross found a streaking el-khamis in space and the forward curled the ball into a waiting palm, before he curled a shot into the far net.",1.000000
"microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they're already using on apple or android phones. the move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company, which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps. the company said at its annual build conference on wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their apple and android apps to run on devices that use the new windows 10 operating system coming late this year.","  windows 10 is a software update that will bring the features, capabilities, security and performance upgrades that Windows users have grown tired using for the past decade, to all modern PCs and tablets.",1.000000
"zenit st petersburg striker hulk lived up to his nickname on monday night by dressing up as the aforementioned superhero at the premiere of the avengers: age of ultron movie. the 28-year-old, who acquired his nickname due to his likeness to the actor lou ferrigno who played the incredible hulk in the incredible hulk television show in the 1970s, was all smiles as he posed for photos ahead of watching the film. accompanied with the caption: `hulk at the premier of the blockbuster ""avengers: age of ultron"" @hulkparaiba #avengers' the brazil international was pictured wearing the superhero's iconic green hands via zenit's official instagram account."," the star of stanislaw benn's avengers movie had a blast with fans at the premiere, and he had some fun with fans who had gathered at a nearby hotel.",1.000000
"as australian fashion week comes to a close, a new damning report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in australia and their companies, for the ongoing exploitation of their overseas workers. lowes, industrie, best & less and the just group - which includes just jeans, portmans and dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies by the 2015 australian fashion report. amongst the best performers were etiko, audrey blue, cotton on, h&m and zara.","  as austronian clothing week comes closer, the australian clothing industry, and the fashion industry, are facing a new report that details the most egregious practices, and the worst brands that can still be found in our nation.",1.000000
"russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol, the club's fourth racism-related punishment this season. torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club's 3-1 win over arsenal tula on sunday. the punishment will not take effect until may because torpedo are already required to play their next two home games behind closed doors for a separate incident in which fans abused zenit st petersburg striker hulk with monkey chants.","  kontinuum, the team that won last season and is currently playing in the second division of the eu.",1.000000
"the oxford university women's boat race team were rescued from the thames by the royal national lifeboat institution -lrb- rnli -rrb- on wednesday after being overcome by choppy waters. crew members from the chiswick rnli station came to the assistance of the oxford crew and their cox, who were training for the boat race which - along with the men's race - takes place on saturday, april 11. after the rowers were returned safely to putney, the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford's base."," Posted on by dave_davis at 12:01 AM | Permissions The following comments and questions will now go into the next thread: The following comments and issues will now go in the next thread.",1.000000
"gary hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner to keep norwich city on track for automatic promotion in the sky bet championship after neil lennon's battling bolton came within minutes of gaining a point. former celtic star hooper's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the canaries bench in contrast to the dejection of his one-time parkhead boss neil lennon. indeed, hooper had been a transfer target for lennon earlier in the season so his winning goal was a double blow for the ulsterman."," linno's men had lost to huddlers in the first leg of last season final and hooper had been a target again this season after a string the former Celtic boss had made of him.",1.000000
"since parting ways with prince harry and the royal family last year, it appears that actress cressida bonas has done anything but sit around and mope. on the contrary, the invitations have flooded in. from fashion parties and music festivals, she's been pictured living the kind of life that most 26-year-olds can only dream of."," ""I love to go out and have fun and have friends,"" she said, when asked what her dream is.",1.000000
"kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer. law enforcement were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30 am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the polo lounge. radar reports that at some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics."," the bartender allegedly told him to leave the establishment, but the reality-show star refused, and the bartender allegedly punched the former reality star in a fight.",1.000000
"bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over newcastle at kingston park to keep alive their aviva premiership title bid. sam burgess made his first premiership start at number six and, despite making a few handling errors, impressed in his new position. bath head coach mike ford praised burgess's efforts following the game and stated `you've seen the future tonight ', with regards to the former rugby league star's role going forward."," burgers' captain and newcastle's captain, mike burgers, stated after a quiet first period that he was pleased with how the team performed, with the team's performance at home to the newcastle game being a positive indicator of the team's future, and that he felt the squad was in a good place to compete at home.",1.000000
"seaworld has been accused of drugging killer whales, painting over their injuries and keeping them in pools so shallow they get sunburned. a lawsuit filed by joyce kuhl, a grandmother from south carolina who visited the orlando park in 2013, claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving the marine animals `essentially roasting '. in her suit, ms kuhl alleges that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries.","  seaworm, which was first spotted off the east coasts of America, was first spotted off California in the late 1990's.",1.000000
"the russian tennis federation has confirmed that maria sharapova will play for her country against germany in the fed cup semi-finals this month. world no 2 sharapova rarely plays fed cup, citing a busy schedule, but will be part of the russian team facing germany on april 18-19 in sochi. playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's olympics."," This season, marie sharapskaya has played only one game in a tournament, losing to the russia women's volleyball squad in a close 2-1 decision.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- several of the world's worst terrorist groups, like isis and al-shabaab, aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of sharia law. that means anyone who doesn't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- christians included. of course, christians aren't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations."," the Islamic state is a terrorist group that has murdered hundreds, possibly thousands, of innocent Muslims.",1.000000
"murder: pennie davis, left, was killed by a homeless petty crook who was hired by her ex-lover's son. a career criminal hired a hitman to murder his stepmother for just # 1,500 after she threatened to accuse him of being a paedophile. benjamin carr, 22, harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five pennie davis, 47, during her six-year relationship with his father."," he had been living with pennies davis, left, during a period of time where his mother had left her job at a local bank, but he was paid $500 each week to kill her, and he did so on the day she went to work.",1.000000
"a writer and victim of date rape has revealed why she is pushing for `yes means yes' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country. new yorker amanda chatel explained in her essay for your tango that adoption of the` yes means yes' law, which defines consent as `affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity 'from each partner, is just one step in combating society's prevalent rape culture.` as a victim of date rape, when it comes to consent i strongly feel there is no grey area,' she wrote."," 'I believe that consent should always be defined, understood and protected.",1.000000
"iain duncan smith has launched a scathing attack on labour's `politics of hate and envy 'and claimed the conservatives are` the real party of work'. the work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on `the most left-wing platform since michael foot 'and was` peddling lies' about the government's record. in an interview with the daily mail, the former conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work."," he claimed the Tories had failed the country by failing the poorest and most vulnerable.",1.000000
"while robin van persie's career appears to be on the wane, but his son shaqueel could have a bright future ahead of him in the goal scoring -lrb- and celebrating -rrb- stakes. the seven-year-old, who has trained with both manchester clubs and starred in a bt sport advert, showed he has inherited some of his father's skills after being filmed scoring with a `scorpion kick 'in his back garden. van persie snr."," the former Newcastle and Blackburn striker, now a player for the New York Red Bulls of MLS, was born on September 28th in a rural area of west London.",1.000000
"isis militants besieging a palestinian refugee camp in syria's capital have savagely beheaded the leaders of a hamas-linked group opposed to president bashar assad, it has been claimed. having seized control of up to 90 per cent of the yarmouk camp in south damascus, the jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of aknaf beit al-maqdis online. like isis, the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy, although its presence in yarmouk has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the assad regime."," , the head of a group which was formed after a failed uprising against Assad in March last century and which has since been renamed al-muhalla, has been killed along side a senior commander of the group.",1.000000
"lovingly tended gardens with their manicured lawns and neat flowerbeds were once the very essence of englishness. but these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers, according to researchers. as a result, only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens, with the average one usually containing a mere four species -- daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips."," the researchers say this is because of the increasing use of artificial fertilisers and chemical fertilisations, which have been blamed on a lack of native plants.",1.000000
"derby hero jermain defoe was lost for words as he tried to describe the emotion of scoring his stunning winner against newcastle admitting he even had to question that it was even happening. the sunderland hitman smashed home a missile of a left-footed volley in sunday's 1-0 win at the stadium of light to ease the black cats three points clear of the barclays premier league relegation zone and send wearside into ecstasy. it was just the club's third home league win of the season, but a fifth successive victory over the magpies, and january signing defoe will have good reason to remember it long after he has finally hung up his boots.","  the striker's goal came just two minutes after he had been sent clear by a corner, but he had to be alert on a second chance after a long ball from Jan Oblivi and he curled a low drive past the helpless keeper into a far corner, with the ball rolling into a waiting net, before the striker had a chance to celebrate with his team- mates after the match, but he could not get his first shot away after the break, before the striker was again caught out by a challenge on the touchline, and he was again sent clear by a long ball, this this time on the far post, and he had the ball again to fire home from the resulting free-kick.",1.000000
"ben crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the masters by standing in for arnold palmer in the traditional par-three tournament at augusta national. palmer is unable to play alongside gary player and jack nicklaus in the curtain-raising event on wednesday afternoon as he recovers from a dislocated shoulder, although the 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on thursday. billy payne, chairman of augusta national, said in a statement: `we were sad to learn that arnold will not participate in this year's par 3 contest, but his health is most important."," he was in great spirits on Thursday, but we are hopeful his condition should improve soon.",1.000000
"sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a `promising 'indian cricketer who has died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata. the board of control for cricket in india confirmed on their official twitter account that 20-year-old ankit keshri had passed away after suffering' a cardiac arrest following on-field injury '. according to reports, keshri colleded with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in kolkata on friday, and though he regained consciousness afterwards, he died in hospital on monday."," he was taken to the hospital by a doctor who had been watching the match on television, and was pronounced brought to the ground by a team-mate, who had been watching the match from a distance, the statement said.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. bates was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to ""work full time jobs in the community and volunteer... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair,"" according to the tulsa county sheriff office's website. but bates wasn't limited to crowd control at sporting events for the disabled."," bates had a history of violent behavior, which included a shooting at a restaurant in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 2011.",1.000000
"pga tour star rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a `gold digger. 'the golfer's girlfriend, bikini model alexis randock, had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week. the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as` fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a `gold digger."," 'fatalsplaslash' wrote in a message to fatales.",1.000000
"a tory councillor with a history of odd behaviour was told to put down his knife and fork after being caught tucking into a roast duck dinner during a council meeting. jonny bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a labour rival, theo blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors. he was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor, lazzaro pietragnoli, interrupted the proceedings to tell him off.","  black well told buckney: ""he is a bit rude, he is a bit rude.",1.000000
"the family of a man shot dead by a reserve deputy who confused his weapon for his taser has slammed the gunman's decision to take a month-long vacation to the bahamas while out on bond. robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris, who was killed during a botched sting on april 2. despite the charges, the judge said that the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the bahamas, nbc reported."," bays' wife, who is a deputy with the sheriff's office, said the family was ""shattered and heart-broken"".",1.000000
"conor mcgregor has claimed he would `kill 'floyd mayweather` in less than 30 seconds' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. mcgregor, who is preparing for his world title fight against ufc featherweight champion jose aldo in july, said mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing. 'i don't look at a man who's expert in one area as a specialist,' he told esquire.","com, 'and I don't look for a guy like Floyd, who's expert at boxing.",1.000000
"a 23-year-old mother-of-two is at risk of being banned from seeing her own children - because she refuses to stop drinking and partying. the woman, named only as gemma, has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old. now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all, after discovering her daughter's penchant for legal high, mkat, and because she suspects her of stealing."," the mother has also revealed that she was forced into a relationship after her daughter turned 16 and she was told she would be able to keep her child.",1.000000
"drinking two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of breast cancer returning, a study found. a cancer-killing cocktail of the hormone drug tamoxifen and two coffees every day was found to reduce the risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease, researchers said. tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells."," The cocktail of the hormones, which are also used to treat diabetes, also helps to prevent breast cancer from growing in women.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- this week, social media heralded as #motheroftheyear toya graham, the baltimore single mom who pulled her son, who was holding a brick, away from the scene of a riot. a video of graham yanking young michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral. many called her a hero: a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence."," graher is now a national hero.",1.000000
"alexis sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great arsenal teams of yesteryear, according to club legend frank mclintock. the chile international has been a smash hit since arriving from barcelona last summer and his 20 goals in all competitions have powered arsenal's season. the gunners are second in the barclays premier league following an eight-match winning run and face reading on saturday in the semi-finals of the fa cup."," the gunns will be hoping to keep their unbeaten start to the season alive, with a visit coming to the north west.",1.000000
"a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the white house under lockdown. the unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on sunday afternoon. `child was fine and was safely reunited with parents' following the incident, secret service spokesman brian leary told cnn."," ""we're still trying to figure this one.""",1.000000
"a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding -lrb- stock image above -rrb-. a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding. duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days."," ""This is a marriage that is going on without the parents' consent,"" said duli.",1.000000
"kim jong-un has appeared in yet another unusual set of pictures, showing him allegedly climbing north koreas highest mountain in nothing but an overcoat and leather shoes. the jovial dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000 ft high mount paektu near the chinese border, before telling troops at its peak that the climb was like `nuclear weapons'. pictures released by north korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base.","  the photo was released on April 25, but the exact date was not clear, but the photo was taken in April 2013, and the jong-un was reportedly in his early 30's at that time, according to a source close to the leader.",1.000000
"six people have been arrested in dover on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences, west midlands police said. five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning in the departure zone of the south coast port, according to the force's twitter feed. four of the men, all in their 20s, are from birmingham, west midlands, while a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held."," the men and women were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy, preparing terrorist acts and preparing acts related thereto, police said.",1.000000
"babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers, a large-scale study has found. the researchers said say that just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight, the may also be fattening our children. writing in the respected medical journal pediatrics, they said that the widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic."," ""Antibiotics can be harmful, but the risk may outweigh any benefits.",1.000000
"ufc champion ronda rousey wants to return to the wwe after her hit debut appearance with fast and furious co-star the rock at wrestlemania 31 but her packed schedule will make it difficult. a huge wwe fan, rousey made her first in-ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in levi's stadium in california and admits she caught the bug. rousey told retired wrestling legend roddy piper's piper pit podcast that `there's nothing like 'wwe but she is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce ufc rival bethe correia."," she said she was looking at the possibility, but she's still waiting for a date.",1.000000
"women have long been warned that the older they are, the greater the risk of health problems for them and their baby - but research now suggests older fathers can also affect baby's health. this increases the risk of epilepsy, autism and breast cancer. two-thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30, and the researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring."," the researchers say that men who are not fathers should be aware of these potential adverse events and should seek professional assistance.",1.000000
"while sunseekers across britain have been making the most of the clear skies recently to soak up some sunshine, the lack of clouds has also proved a bonus for stargazers in scotland hoping to catch sight of shooting stars. this incredible image was captured above pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday as photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower. the annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere, and is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.","  stargazer graeme whipps captured this amazing image on his mobile phone of a meteor streaking across the sky over a field in abdeensshire, on Thursday, July 19th, 2016.",1.000000
"winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from the fear factor that came with facing manchester city as they prepare to visit the etihad stadium on sunday. city had won their last five games against west ham -- by an aggregate score of 14-1 -- before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at upton park in october. and after a recent run of form that has seen the barclays premier league champions lose six of their last eight games, hammers defender reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing manuel pellegrini's side."," ""the atmosphere is great and we're enjoying ourselves.",1.000000
"a series of earthquakes that rattled a small texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations. in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014, the area around azle, texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground."," the injection of drilling waste into the soil is known as hydraulic fracturing, which is a method of drilling that uses water, chemicals, chemicals, chemicals and more chemicals, which are used to break down shale rock into smaller pieces.",1.000000
"long the domain of web sites and memes, the animated gif may soon be coming to a message near you. a new app makes creating the images simple on a smartphone - and lets you send them using facebook messenger. camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook's decision to open up messenger, revealed at its recent f8 conference in san francisco.","  camojipro is a simple app that lets you create animated gif's on your phone.",1.000000
"the naked body of a 22-year-old michigan woman who went missing while dressed as poison ivy after a halloween party was found on friday and police say evidence indicates it was a homicide. the monroe county sheriff's office confirmed on saturday the remains found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks are those of chelsea bruck. the medical examiner's office in wayne county used dental records to confirm the body is bruck's."," the medical examiners office said it was not possible to determine how the death occurred.",1.000000
"the light in these extraordinary images has travelled so far that it has taken 4,200 years to get here. but, despite the distance, scientists say the photographs reveal, like no others before them, the immense forces unleashed when a star is born. the two images were taken 18 years apart, the first with the karl g."," bauer telescope in the US and a new one at a site near the southern pole.",1.000000
"leighton baines is well known for his love of music but it appears his appreciation does not extend to all genres - specifically the latest pop songs dominating the charts. the everton defender, who is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys' front-man alex turner, regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar. but in an interview with match of the day magazine, the england international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which don't feature on his own ipod."," ""the new pop songs that people are listening to these days are the same as they were 10, 15, 20, 30 years back,"" said the former Liverpool, Manchester and Blackburn defender.",1.000000
"ferguson, missouri -lrb- cnn -rrb- change has come to ferguson. after months of turmoil and upheaval, months of frustration and anger, the beleaguered city has a new governing board. and it looks very different than the old one.","             The new mayor of a city where the population was almost entirely black and the majority were white is the first black to be elected mayor, the first black to serve on a city commission, and the first black mayor to serve in the Missouri legislature, the St.",1.000000
"a japanese woman has become the latest holidaymaker to face criminal charges in italy for defacing a historic landmark. the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the florence cathedral. she used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on monday morning, but it did not leave any permanent damage, italian newspaper la nazione reported.","  the girl was arrested on Monday and charged with vandalism and defaced the building.",1.000000
"a pennsylvania couple have been killed after their 1923 model t ford convertible skidded off the roadway and flipped over. ralph cramer, 70, and his wife, lynn, 59, were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m."," on Thursday when the t-bird struck the rear passenger seat, sending it flying.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- universal's ""furious 7"" continues to build momentum at the friday box office for a weekend debut in the $135 million - $138 million range, the largest opening in north america since fall 2013. that includes a projected friday take of $58 million - $60 million. the final film featuring the late paul walker, ""furious 7"" is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally on wednesday and thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $300 million by the end of easter sunday.","  furious seven is a sequel, but the film is not a prequel, it is a sequel based upon a book series, ""Furious Seven"" by Dan Slott, which is set in the same universe, but takes place in a different time frame.",1.000000
"scottish nationalists threatened to paralyse the uk government by blocking `any bit of spending 'they do not agree with. the threat came as angela eagle, labour's shadow leader of the commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament -- including the snp -- to` try to build a majority'. but the snp, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps, suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme."," This was the cleverest attempt to undermine the government since it was established, and it came as a surprise, but it was not entirely without precedent.",1.000000
"a rare insight into manchester united's unpopular owners has lifted the lid on how they run the club. the man who spent six years as spokesman for the glazer family has written an enlightening account of his time with the manchester united chiefs. tehsin nayani's book, `the glazer gatekeeper: six years speaking for manchester united's silent owners', challenges popular perception about the us bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening # 800m takeover in 2005.","  the author reveals the club has been run like a business, with a number players, managers and staff having been bought out by a new group of investors.",1.000000
"this is the moment a 102-year-old woman who used to dance with the likes of frank sinatra and gene kelly got to see herself shimmy and shake on film for the first time. alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen. barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo, cotton club and zanzibar club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows."," she had been a dancer at zazibars for years, but had never danced with a male partner until now, when her friends asked her if she wanted to see herself shimmy and shiver on film, and her answer came back: ""yes"".",1.000000
"as the world cup draws closer, it is not just in the rugby heartlands that they are beginning to feel the excitement. twickenham, as the home of rugby, may be gearing up to embrace the sport's biggest tournament, but on the other side of the capital, the olympic stadium -- built for athletics and destined to be a football ground - is also quietly preparing to get in the oval-ball act. in newcastle, st james' park, usually a footballing stronghold, is another ground about to host rugby's premier competition, and as former bath, saracens and england prop david `flats' flatman has been finding out, from the north east to east london, england is getting rugby-fever."," Posted by The Football Club at 11.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a 110-day cat-and-mouse chase spanning from antarctic waters to the coast of west africa had an unlikely end when the crew of an alleged poaching vessel were rescued by conservationists pursuing them. environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder -- subject of an interpol ""purple notice"" for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes -- since its ship the bob barker encountered it in the southern ocean several months ago. the pursuit ended early monday in the gulf of guinea, off the coast of west africa, when the bob barker received a distress call from the thunder."," a team led by the Sea Shepherd vessel, the Sea Lion - a vessel owned by the International Maritime Institute (IMI), was dispatched to investigate.",1.000000
"a perilous party-trick backfired when a man was hospitalised after swallowing a beer bottle at a family get together. st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman, northern darwin, at about 9pm on wednesday. the 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle `and then went for a lie down ', at which point his family called royal darwin hospital, reports nt news."," the man had suffered a serious head injury and had suffered a broken nose, a fractured jaw and lacerating injuries to his head, neck and arms, reports ntnews, the hospital said.",1.000000
"one of the world's leading distance runners and a regular training partner of mo farah's claims to be living in fear of his life after raising allegations with the authorities in his native uganda that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners; some as young as 15. moses kipsiro, who successfully defended his commonwealth games 10,000 m title in glasgow last year, told sportsmail this week of the day five female runners came to him for help; and the death threats he says he has subsequently received after reporting the allegations to his national federation and the police. only on monday kipsiro passed details of the death threats -- sent anonymously via text messages -- to police officers in kampala, uganda."," , the chief executive of a national governing body, told sports mail that the allegations against mays kipiro were ""absolutely untrue"" -- but the allegations against him had ""no basis"" at the national governing bodies, which he said had been contacted by the police.",1.000000
"eva chapin, 34, from west linn, oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. a mother has been arrested for referring to her african-american neighbors as `apes' during a dispute over a parking space. eva chapin, 34, from west linn, oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home."," a parent was charged with assault after her daughter was kicked in the head during an alleged fight.",1.000000
"one of australia's most baffling cold cases of the so-called the somerton man may finally be solved after 67 years thanks to the technological advances in dna testing. people walking along somerton beach, southwest of adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on december 1, 1948. a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable."," the autopsy also revealed the man's age at birth to be around 45, and that he had been dead for about a month before his death, which is the oldest known body found in a cold case.",1.000000
"top gear has helped steer the bbc's iplayer to record levels after four episodes shown in february notched up nine million views alone. the long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month as fans used it to take one last look at their favourite show. the viewing figures come a week after presenter jeremy clarkson was dismissed from the bbc for punching top gear producer oisin tymon."," , which was launched in 2005, was a huge hit, but it was the show's popularity that helped the bcs iplayer reach a record high of nine million views in just three weeks.",1.000000
"ahmed gaddaf al-dam, a former minister and the late muammar gaddafi's cousin. the most senior member of the gaddafi clan has laid the blame of the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the western countries which helped overthrow colonel gaddafi. ahmed gaddaf al-dam, a former minister and muammar gaddafi's cousin, said the `overwhelming chaos' in libya` has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the libyan armed forces in 2011 '."," the Libyan government`s response was to send the Libyan army to fight the Islamic militants, he added.",1.000000
"hillary rodham clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families, while casting the former senator and secretary of state as a `tenacious fighter 'able to get results, two senior advisers said on saturday. president barack obama all but endorsed her saying' i think she would be an excellent president. 'the senior advisers provided the first preview of the message clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on sunday with an online video."," 'she's a strong advocate for working families, and she's going after what she sees as a critical gap between the middle and the upper classes,' one of the advisers told msbc.",1.000000
"steven abberley caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at mps and shouting `you are all just liars' during prime minister's questions. a protester who caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at mps and shouting` you are all just liars' during prime minister's questions has walked free from court. steven abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year."," he shouted `you're lying to me', 'you are lying about the economy' , and `you are lying about our democracy' at the PMQ's, which was being held at parliament.",1.000000
"britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade despite plans to return the country to the black, the international monetary fund warned last night. the global watchdog said the state will continue to spend more on public services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament. the projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country's annual deficit, which hit a record # 153billion under labour in 2009-10 and now stands at # 90billion.","  ""we expect the deficit to be below 150 billion by 2020 and to be in line- with the current level of public expenditure in the medium to medium term"", said the IMF.",1.000000
"an elderly woman died after she was unable to call for help because the phone company had disconnected the mobile she kept for emergencies. sheila secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son, but as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off. when the grandmother collapsed in her home in december, she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later, the sunday times reports."," the mobile was disconnected and the call was lost.",1.000000
"a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away `every piece of joy 'in her life. jessica howard, 23, denounced` night stalker' clive howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life."," howards lawyer told the victim that the attack was the worst thing ever to happen to her, and that the only way her life would ever improve is to forgive him, she said, adding: `he`s a man who has ruined her life`s chances, said howard`s lawyer, jessica HOWARD, 23, who was sexually abused at a university campus, said she was 'absolutely devastated', after she was attacked on her way into her boyfriend` s apartment on the outskirts of London yesterday afternoon.",1.000000
"british exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to the european union, official figures showed yesterday. it is the first time since records began that such sales of uk goods have outstripped those to the eu for six months in a row. previously they have beaten eu exports on a quarterly basis -- or three months -- but never for such a sustained period.","  The figures from the Office For National Statistics and Statistics Wales show the number of British exports rose 1 percent on the year, to $6.",1.000000
"a three metre python bit off more than it could chew when it tried to swallow a much-loved family pet. francis bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on sunday while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat tiger, who had been missing for three days. after noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in clifton beach, northern queensland, bakvis found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline, reports cairns post."," the python was found on a small patch on the side of the house and was taken to the local police.",1.000000
"an outraged food blogger who alleges instagram fitness star ashy bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book said she was `devastated 'to find her work had been taken. sydney personal trainer allie dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her mealspiration blog before she started her business, sweets and sweat, in september 2013. her gourmet recipes caught the eye of ms bines, a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012."," Ms bines contacted allie, claiming her work was being used in an eBook without permission, but Ms Dods said her recipes were still on her blog.",1.000000
"nigel farage caused controversy at the televised leaders' debate by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in britain. half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment, a poll suggests. nigel farage caused controversy at the televised leaders' debate last week by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in britain."," half the electorate agree with urp, a poll suggests, but a majority of people think the NHS is too slow to deal w/ drugs, a survey also suggests.""",1.000000
"a woman who is five months pregnant and was fired from her job at popeyes after an armed robber made off with $400 on her shift says she has been offered her job. only marissa holcomb isn't so sure she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain in channelview, texas. the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31, however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen, with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time."," holcomb said she was fired after refusing to pay the cash back.",1.000000
"a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush on his phone for weeks -- and didn't even realise he was injured. the 29-year-old, who lived in california, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs. he tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all."," the man was rushed into hospital and was later diagnosed with an ulnar nerve injury.",1.000000
"ronan ghosh, 39, stole # 200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco store in birmingham, court heard. a millionaire company director was caught on cctv shoplifting # 200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco supermarket. ronan ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout."," the video was filmed by a witness at a Tesco shop in the town of Bury.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the bizarre circumstances surrounding freddie gray's death have inflamed tensions across the country. how could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested? and what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital?"," the truth is that there are many questions that remain unsolved, but one thing remains certain.",1.000000
"hollie tillbrook, 17, was saved by two off-duty police officers when she had a heart attack in basildon, essex. a teenager battling bulimia who `died 'on the street from a heart attack was saved by a pair of off-duty police officers who gave her cpr. hollie tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in basildon's festival leisure park, essex, when she suddenly collapsed.","  The officers, both off-duty police, rushed her to a nearby hospital and treated her before she was airlashed at a police training centre, police said.",1.000000
"a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released. the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. they then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads."," the video shows one of the victims being punched repeatedly, and the victim's face was broken.",1.000000
"a students' union has been accused of racism and sexism after banning white people and men from an event to promote equality. those studying at goldsmiths, university of london, were invited to the students' union meeting to discuss `diversifying the curriculum '. but they were shocked when an organiser told white people and men` not to come' as it was only open to bme -lsb- black and minority ethnic -rsb- women."," the event had also been advertised on the black and minority ethnic section of a black students' group website, but the event organisers said they were unaware of the group's existence.",1.000000
"leonardo jardim believes monaco's march to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve european success. four years have passed since dmitry rybolovlev's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the stade louis ii, with the likes of radamel falcao, james rodriguez and joao moutinho signed for hefty transfer fees. but the russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons and, with most of monaco's expensive signings subsequently moving on, jardim has been forced to nurture young talent after finding his options in the transfer market somewhat restricted."," monaco's march to a quarter final has also been a source of frustration for jardim, but the former Chelsea, Inter Milan, Real Madrid and ParisSt.",1.000000
"labour would introduce a new legal right to `granny leave 'to allow working grandparents to take time off to help care for their grandchildren. the party's deputy leader harriet harman, in an interview with the daily mail, said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare. she said the policy, to be unveiled in labour's women's manifesto, to be launched today, would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families."," she added that she would be ""absolutely"" willing to support the policy.",1.000000
"things haven't been going well for manchester united flop anderson since he left old trafford to return to brazil, but at least on wednesday his own errors were outshone by the stupidity of a team-mate. the brazilian midfielder was sent off for internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on ypiranga erechim striker otacilio neto that also saw his opponent sent off for retaliating with an elbow. but fortunately for anderson, his colleague fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans and becoming the third player to be shown the red card, reducing internacional to nine men in the 1-1 draw in porto alegre.","  the match itself had a few interesting elements to it.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- last week, california gov. jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history. his action was driven by a specific crisis unique to california at the moment -- the severe drought now in its fourth year there -- but it has significance for the whole nation.","  The drought has been the biggest challenge to California's economy since the 1930's.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- some of the men and women of the indianapolis police force are giving up their blues. beginning friday, blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department -lrb- impd -rrb-. in a statement, the department said the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure ""accountability, professionalism and transparency... at the forefront of our day-to-day activities."," ""The department also said it would continue to use the uniform, and will continue its efforts to improve the department's internal processes and procedures.",1.000000
"she costs taxpayers more than # 39,000 a year in benefits. and now cheryl prudham, a pregnant mother of 11, is blowing some of that cash on a # 10,000 trip to las vegas, it was reported yesterday. the 33-year-old is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with her husband robert, 30, during the `no expense spared 'jaunt."," the couple are expected to travel on a private jet, according the report, which is said to have emerged from the offices of a leading travel company, which is said to be a favourite destination for many wealthy couples seeking to spend their honey months together, and to avoid a costly wedding day at the airport, where the cost would have exceeded $100, 000, according to the Daily Telegraph.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- since iran's islamic revolution in 1979, women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. but the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events. a plan to allow ""women and families"" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year, deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday, according to state-run media."," ""Women are allowed into stadiums for sports, and the ban on them will go,"" he said, according to the state-owned Press TV, adding, however that the ministry is not yet finalising the details of how the ban would affect women.",1.000000
"mexican restaurant chipotle has been leaving customers hungry for certain ingredients unsatisfied because not enough farms can meet its strict standards. the fast-casual chain, which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year, removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat. chipotle, which dropped one of its pork vendors earlier this year, only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen.","  ""We're still trying,"" says a Chipotle representative.",1.000000
"a youngster admiring his catch was left surprised when the fish jumped up and slapped him in the face. quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake, indiana when the pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. crouching over the fish, quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water."," the fish jumps and slugs quinn, knocking him to ground, and he is taken to a hospital where he is pronounced unconscious, he is later released.",1.000000
"ferguson, missouri -lrb- cnn -rrb- change has come to ferguson. after months of turmoil and upheaval, months of frustration and anger, the beleaguered city has a new governing board. and it looks very different than the old one."," the new board is made up entirely of black men, the majority of whom voted for the mayor.",1.000000
"the former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been `secretly 'dating ed miliband. former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders yesterday broke her silence over her fling with ed miliband, describing it as` fleeting and very costly'. she made headlines last week after it emerged she had been `secretly 'dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004."," she told a press conference today: `I had an affair, I had an engagement.",1.000000
"when utah photographer alan lawrence learned that his newborn son, wil, had down syndrome his `mind was flooded with many emotions, most of which were not positive. 'now, 18 months later, lawrence tells abc that little wil` brings a light to our family.' he said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish."," 'the truth is, the more we learn about it and the better the prognosis, the more I realize the importance of our son.",1.000000
"liverpool boss brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification after a convincing 2-0 win over newcastle. the reds moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four after goals from raheem sterling and joe allen saw off the struggling magpies at anfield. with fading champions manchester city now looking vulnerable in fourth, liverpool's hopes - which took a hefty blow in back-to-back losses to manchester united and arsenal - could have been reignited.","  the red's hopes -which had already been dampened after the 2-0 win against newtcastle - could be restored with a 2-0 win over the struggling magps.",1.000000
"nicole kidman, naomi watts, geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime. but recently uncovered documents from ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one.","  the document is a letter from the family's son, who is a soldier in a regiment of men known as the ""brits"" – a name which is a direct reference to the british flag.",1.000000
"eugenie bouchard has displayed here ruthless competitive streak again by refusing to shake hands with opponent alexandra dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend and faces world no 66 dulgheru in her first contest. however during the draw ceremony in montreal, bouchard declined dulgheru's offer of a sporting handshake in front of the assembled photographers."," the incident was captured by a photographer on the sidelines of a news conference.",1.000000
"tottenham have held further discussions with marseille over a potential deal for midfielder florian thauvin. the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with metz as marseille push for a # 15m sale. the winger, who can also play behind the striker, was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year and has also been watched by chelsea and valencia.","  tour guide to Tottenham Hotspurs , the team that have the highest transfer value, and who are currently in the market, are also interested in the winger.",1.000000
"mark selby, john higgins and ding junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the china open on wednesday. selby, who is gearing up for the defence of his world title later this month, continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow englishman elliot slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash. ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in beijing, had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against mark davis to set up a third-round meeting with mark williams, who was an easy 5-0 winner over scotland's michael leslie.","  the china open is a tough one to win.",1.000000
"sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the club's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the black cats until the outcome of his case has been decided. a club statement on friday morning read: `following yesterday's statement from durham constabulary, the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged, we will keep the matter under review."," `the matter remains under review, and we are committed, if required, at all times to ensuring that the safety, welfare and well being of the players, staff and supporters of our clubs is always our priority.",1.000000
"the five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach jerry tarkanian has suffered a stroke, his family said. his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday. danny and amy tarkanian said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement."," ""he is doing well and his parents say his prognosis is great,"" amy tarkanian told news station azcentral.",1.000000
"dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing tory economic plans -- including a prominent former labour supporter. by last night, a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a `change in course '. among the new signatories is simon woodroffe, the founder of yo!"," chain of restaurants, which was the first chain to open in the country after the introduction, in 1997.",1.000000
"in a maneuver with ominous echoes of the cold war, a russian fighter jet `aggressively 'intercepted an american plane over poland, the pentagon claims. filing an official complaint to russia, the state department alleges a u.s."," plane was shot at by an america plane.",1.000000
"a terminally-ill five-year-old has died just days after his devoted parents granted his final wish by getting married at his hospital bedside. corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect and endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life. his greatest wish was for his parents jemma, 21, and craig, 28, to tie the knot, but despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold."," the pair were married in a ceremony in the hospital chapel on June 16.",1.000000
"the first dramatic footage of the hatton garden jewellery heist shows how the gang returned twice in three days to continue their audacious robbery - as it is revealed police may have to pay out millions in compensation for ignoring the alarm. the six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on cctv working throughout thursday night having successfully broken into the basement of the building in the heart of london's jewellery district. shockingly, the footage reveals they returned again on saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping."," the gang were caught on CCTV on Friday afternoon as they went to a nearby jewellery shop to buy the jewels.",1.000000
"a boxing fight had to be halted after a fighter's cell phone fell out of his trunks. marvin ""papi gallo"" jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones' black and red shorts at the ring in arcadia, florida. referee frankie santore jr."," stopped a bout when a fighter dropped his phone.",1.000000
"felipe massa believes he has finally silenced his critics following his storming start to the new formula one season. williams head of vehicle performance rob smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the brazilian in their nine years working together. after twice being written off in the past, initially following his life-threatening accident in 2009 and again when he left ferrari at the end of 2013, massa appears to be a driver at the top of his game."," , the team boss who has worked on the new formula 1 cars since the end of the 2013 season and has worked with the new cars since 2010.",1.000000
"bridget klecker, 42, died on friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in san francisco. a pedestrian was killed and another injured when they were struck by a car fleeing police during a wild chase through san francisco, and the suspects involved were still on the loose saturday. officers tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns, police said.","  ""the car was stopped in front of a home in the 1200s block, the suspects were inside the home and the driver of the stolen truck was driving away from police when the officers tried stop him.",1.000000
"the pittsburgh steelers ended last season without le'veon bell and it seems they'll start the new one without their stud running back too. bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league's substance abuse policy and he will also be fined a game cheque. bell was stopped in his chevrolet camaro last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana."," the police officer called for a sniff test and found a large amount on the back seat of the car.",1.000000
"london -lrb- cnn -rrb- british police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of london's jewelry district said friday they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. southern monitoring alarm company called the metropolitan police service, also known as scotland yard, at 12:21 a.m."," to confirm the alarm had gone.",1.000000
"some of the 2,500 police officers who were involved in tracking down the boston marathon bombers showed a lack of `weapons discipline 'during two firefights with the brothers, a new report reveals. in the first standoff, the officers fired` toward the vicinity' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev `without necessarily having identified and lined up their target ', the 130-page document states. they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns."," the second confrontation occurred after tamerlin and his brother were captured, the report says, after the brothers were `somewhng up the street' from a nearby restaurant.",1.000000
"winner: simon wood took home the tv crown. a single father of four was crowned masterchef champion last night, fulfilling a dream to become a chef that he has nurtured since he was eight. simon wood, 38, battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd as they were challenged to cook judges john torode and gregg wallace a three-course meal in three hours."," the winner of last night is: simON wood, 38, fought his own personal best, beating out emmé and tony.",1.000000
"terrifying footage has emerged of young thugs who got out of their vehicle to threaten another driver while one was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights. the dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a melbourne road when a red ute with p-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection. moments later, the red ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road, a current affair reports.","  the utes driver is seen to be in a state where he is not aware the utes are on the wrong side, and is seen swerves into a lane to overtake the red ute.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- you might call her a watchdog, because this boston area doberman really has a thing for timepieces. she recently ate three. last thursday, jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored doberman pincher -- hovering over a pile of screws, metal pieces, three watch heads and some chewed leather straps."," the boy was shocked to see a timepiece in a box, but jepp was more interested -- he was curious to see if it had anything on the outside.",1.000000
"chameleons are known for their ability to change colours and blend in, but these two had no trouble spotting each other's ambitions in a fierce battle for a female mate. footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar. it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn't seen in the video."," This video shows the chameleon battling for a male mate in a national park in Madagascar, a country that is known for its chameleon sightings.",1.000000
"not one but two fast food eateries have announced major menu shake-ups, both in an apparent attempt to attract a new sort of crowd. burger king, which has launched its summer menu, has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie, while pret a manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine. the british sandwich chain's new concept is called `good evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only -lrb- for now -rrb- at its branch on the strand in london."," the chain's menu also features a new burger called `the burger king' and the chain's new take is the first to offer a 'british take on a classic burger'.",1.000000
"one nation leader pauline hanson went on the attack on sunday saying that imposing halal certification on australians was wrong, while defending the anti-islam protests across the country. speaking on the today show, ms hanson described halal certification as a `profit, money-making racket 'and that the public were being` hoodwinked' over the issue. she also said that the protests on saturday were about `criticism, not racism '."," she went onto say, `we need to be clear that this is about freedom, about equality and freedom, about the freedom to express your own ideas, about the right, not the obligation to be offended by people's ideas, about the right, not to be offended, to be able, if you like, express your views and opinions, but not the right, not to be hurt by people's ideas, to be hurt by the fact that some are offended, some are hurt, and that's what we are talking about.",1.000000
"a drunken alaskan man was arrested after he stole a forklift to retrieve his pickup truck which he'd crashed. aleksandr glushko, 21, of delta junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. but his bright idea turned sour when an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site, according to the fairbanks daily news-miner.","  glushko was charged on Monday, but he has yet the chance at bail, which would allow him the opportunity, if convicted of the theft, the news reports.",1.000000
"john hinckley jr. has found love. hinckley, who still spends half of his days institutionalized after being found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting president ronald reagan back in 1981, is said to have met the woman at a national association for the mentally ill meeting."," hanckley is said, according to the report by a former FBI agent, ""to have been a very good listener, very intelligent and very charismatic.",1.000000
"a lot of the attention on sunday was aimed in the direction of rory mcilroy and tiger woods who were paired up in the final round. mcilroy did his level best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes by shooting 31 for the back nine on friday and following it with scores of 68 and 66 over the weekend. the world no 1 finished strongly, but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader jordan spieth for the green jacket."," the winner was a surprise, but the winner was the one who was most likely to win the tournament.",1.000000
"rarely-seen photos of captain robert scott's expedition to the south pole and an american civil war flag are among the items expected to fetch tens of thousands of pounds at a unique auction in london later this month. more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects -- with estimated values of # 500 to # 30,000 -- will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at christie's south kensington. filled with historic artefacts, pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners' travels, the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.","  The auction will also see a selection made up entirely, the majority, of the items, including a collection of items which were taken from a ship that scott was on when he first arrived on the ice, and the remains, of the ship's captain, who perished in the ice, in the early 1920s, after the vessel had been sunk during a collision.",1.000000
"arrest: rachel lehnardt, 35, allegedly threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter. a mother-of-five threw her teenage daughter a party, played naked twister with her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom, authorities have said. rachel lynn lehnardt, 35, from evans, georgia, was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor."," her 16 year old son is also facing a charge of lewd acts on a child, the sheriff's department reported on Thursday, July 31.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- when bruce jenner told abc's diane sawyer and the world on friday night that ""yes, for all intents and purposes, i'm a woman,"" the declaration wasn't particularly surprising. paparazzi have been stalking the former olympic champion for months, breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss, pierced ears and french manicure. the social media reaction?"," ""wow, that's so cool,"" jenner said.",1.000000
"an athletic boston-area high school senior collapsed and died in greece this week, becoming the third student in his school year to die within six months. jared quirk, 18, was in athens with classmates from rockland, massachusetts, to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends, for reasons which are not yet clear. quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football at rockland high school, died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance, the boston globe reported."," quirk was a member of a team that won the school state championship, the globe reported, and was also on a trip to the ancient city of rhododendrons.",1.000000
"foreign workers will have to pay an average of # 22,000 in tax before they can claim benefits under tory plans to be unveiled this week. migrants arriving in the uk will be banned from receiving handouts from the welfare state for four years, forcing them to pay tax and national insurance the state. home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe, including curbing access to benefits.","  ""the Tories will be making the most difficult decisions on the welfare state ever.",1.000000
"v stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in los angeles on thursday. the 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco. this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.","5m (£1 million), which is a huge amount considering the age of these braces, to the court, which was set at 21.",1.000000
"there's nothing better than a succulent steak, sizzling from the hot plate, charred to perfection on the outside, bursting with juices within. people often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that's bone dry, grey-hued and distinctly unappetising. so what is the best way to cook the perfect steak?"," the key is to use the right amount, the right amount, and to cook the steak at the correct time, to get it right, so that the juices will run down the inside, and not the exterior, and to use a slow-cooked cut of beef, so that it's not just overcooked, but cooked through.",1.000000
"veteran cbs news `face the nation 'moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer. it's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking. schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth, his alma mater."," sbieffer was born on May 16th in a farmhouse on a small street near the border between texascounty, Texas, and texascotan, a city in south central Texas, and grew up on the same block.",1.000000
"a lonely pensioner left half a million pounds to a builder who once agreed to clean out his gutters for free - but the bequest is now at the centre of a high court legal battle. ronald butcher, a `private and quiet man ', bequeathed his entire # 500,000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in march 2013. but his relatives and family friends insist that the will, made just two months before his death, is invalid and say that the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher."," Posted by The Daily Telegraph A man who left half his $1.",1.000000
"on a fenced-in artificial pitch, on the edge of one of salford's most notorious estates, a group of men with what you could call lived-in faces are finishing a game of football. some are dressed in jeans and shoes - they have no kit or boots. stories of strife are swapped."," a man, probably the captain of one of the teams is being chased by the other players.",1.000000
"celebrities and dietitians have been promoting back-to-basic diets and warning us off processed foods for years - and the trend is now taking hold in the pet world. three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones in his quest to lose weight. his owners, margaret and patrick evans from leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas."," 'He has been on a very low calorie diet, but now he is eating a lot more and his belly is growing,' says patrick, who works as an animal welfare worker at a local veterinary hospital, where the family have been treating baylies for more then 10 years, and who also runs a pet grooming business.",1.000000
"brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager at the end of this season. the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against bolton and spoke with bees owner matthew benham. current boss mark warburton is to leave the club next month after feeling his vision did not match that of brentford, who are to implement a continental approach to their management structure."," ""we're looking at the possibility"" the former brents boss told the club's website.",1.000000
"the bbc faced angry criticism for giving an election platform to `mini russell brand 'gareth shoulder -lrb- above -rrb- who mocked david cameron over his disabled son. the bbc faced angry criticism last night for giving an election platform to a` mini russell brand' who has mocked david cameron over his disabled son. self-styled `angry leftie revolutionary and magician 'gareth shoulder, from liverpool, has been recruited by the bbc to comment on the election as a member of its` generation 2015 election youth panel'."," the 'mini russ' has also been recruited to appear on a BBC political programme, the 'mini news', which was aired last night, but the bcs have refused to comment on the programme.",1.000000
"supporters of isis have `declared a caliphate 'in yemen through a bizarre video showing a group of masked fighters a barren desert. the video, allegedly shot near the capital of sanaa, sees some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand. the` establishing' of an isis-related group in yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen iran-backed houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al qaeda affiliates."," the isis claim to be fighting for the creation 'of a new Islamic state in the Islamic Maghreb', which is believed, at best, to be an urban myth, but which has also been linked to a number of terrorist attacks.",1.000000
"dagenham and redbridge midfielder joss labadie has been banned for six months after being found guilty of a biting offence for the second time in the space of a year. the 24-year-old was last month charged with violent conduct by the fa after he was accused of sinking his teeth into the hand of stevenage defender ronnie henry during dagenham's 1-0 win at the lamex stadium. it came just 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined # 2,000 for biting chesterfield's ollie banks while playing for torquay."," labdies latest punishment comes just days after the former roma man was handed a two year ban for violent conduct by the u21's after he punched a referee in the head during the 2-1 defeat to liverpool.",1.000000
"an aer lingus flight from dublin to vienna yesterday had to return after suffering from technical issues. the airline said that flight ei 660 had left dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land back at the same airport at 9.","30am after a technical glitch.",1.000000
"cannabis can kill cancer cells and helps shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumour, new advice reveals. cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours, new advice reveals. the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients."," The paper, published today, says that there is ""no conclusive"" link between marijuana use and any of a range, including glioma and glioma of multiple locations.",1.000000
"roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their next home game after supporters were sanctioned for showing an offensive banner over the weekend. the banner, displayed during roma's 1-0 defeat of napoli on saturday, caused outcry for insulting the mother of a napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year. a serie a disciplinary tribunal stated the banners were `by their content provocatively insulting to the mother of a supporter of the opposing team, who died in dramatic circumstances'.","  roma have appealed against the decision, and the club have been fined €100, which was later reduced to €50.",1.000000
"residents of a tiny missouri city say they have no idea why five of their six police officers and several other top officials resigned after their first black mayor was elected. tyrus byrd, 40, was sworn into office in parma last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. the officials all cited `safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says."," ""There was no explanation for why the officers were fired,"" she said.",1.000000
"tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules, officials announced wednesday."," The changes, which will take effect July 1, are part, part and part of a larger effort to make tattoos more accessible, more comfortable and less painful, said Lt-Col.",1.000000
"bayern munich central defender medhi benatia could miss both legs of their champions league quarter-final against porto due to a muscle injury. the 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over bayer leverkusen in the german cup last eight on wednesday. the morocco international said on his twitter account that a medical examination suggested he would be out for between `two and four weeks'."," ""the injury was very serious and it is not a serious injury.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- imprisoned soldier chelsea manning can now communicate with the world -- in 140 characters or less. manning, who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents, appears to have joined twitter this week. in a series of tweets, the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media, which will post them on her behalf."," ""This is the only way to communicate,"" she told CNN.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- when hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november, they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city. one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks. another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony."," the woman who had been stabbed was still in a critical condition.",1.000000
"andy murray came close to giving himself some extra preparation time for his wedding next week before ensuring that he still has unfinished tennis business to attend to. the world no 4 is into the semi-finals of the miami open, but not before getting a scare from 21 year-old austrian dominic thiem, who pushed him to 4-4 in the second set before going down 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in an hour and three quarters. murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between tomas berdych and argentina's juan monaco."," the match was a tight affair with the score tied in the first set, but the match went into the second after a break of 6-6.",1.000000
"such has been the volatility at the top of the championship this season that predicting future outcomes has proved a futile exercise, but what is certain is that middlesbrough hold the aces. with just four weeks remaining, aitor karanka's team are top of a division that has witnessed the leadership change hands 15 times. seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play but boro know if they keep winning, they can not be caught."," This is a team that has played a number on a lot of occasions this year, and the only reason the club have not been in the title picture this season is the lack of quality in midfield, and that is something the club have worked on.",1.000000
"she enraged twitter users by saying that `unhealthy lifestyles' should not be` facilitated ', and now the plus-size industry has spoken out about jamelia's comments on loose women. critics and the public have spoken out after jamelia said that obese women `should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size, and that high street stores should not be catering for them. the panellist said she was` hounded on twitter 'after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers, and now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.","` she told the BBC: ""There is a whole lot of fat people, and there are a whole load of people smaller, but they don` t have to be in a relationship, they should have a relationship, but they don`t need to be obese.""",1.000000
"jose mourinho claims it is easier to manage manchester united than chelsea within the modern confines of uefa's financial fair play rules. united, as one of the biggest earners in world football, have the financial scope to fund a massive squad, while chelsea are forced to sell players such as juan mata to balance the books. jose mourinho claims it's `hard but more fun 'being chelsea manager in new fair play era.","  ""Manchester and Chelsea can afford the same squad as us and we have to be careful not to let them off easy.",1.000000
"a `mean and despicable 'couple who decorated their flat with sentimental trinkets and tributes that were looted from graves have been banned from cemeteries indefinitely. sean jefferson, 45, and elizabeth jowitt, 37, covered their home in york with wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys, all of which were once placed on gravestones by grieving family members. some of the touching items were from the graves of babies, while others were from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer."," Posted on September 30, 2013 at 11.",1.000000
"an israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks. the 40-second-video recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania, shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach. making an attempt to scare them away -- in an entirely tongue-in-cheek way -- the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck."," the truck driver is not amused and tries again, and another time, but is unsuccessful.",1.000000
"she's the bearded diva who won over the globe after winning europe's biggest entertainment contest last year. and now, eurovision song contest legend conchita wurst has been given a dazzling high art makeover. the star has been transformed into gustav klimt's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster."," ""the star was a very special girl who was a big part on the music world,"" says conchita.",1.000000
"a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video. jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend's father mark harris. the 23-year-old, who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing, is captured standing before her stretching his muscles."," the couple had been dating for about a month before the incident.",1.000000
"darren bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for derby against brentford at the ipro stadium. the bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead through alex pritchard's brilliant strike - but missed chances in the second half came back to haunt them when bent grabbed his 10th goal for the rams. derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their slim hopes of automatic promotion alive and tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes."," the first came when the brents keeper was forced into a superb stop from a long range free kick.",1.000000
"julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back. julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine. she'd gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for x-rays."," she was told the spine had been warped and that it was likely caused by a mild curvature of a spine, and the doctor recommended her see a spine specialist.",1.000000
"teenager becky watts had to be identified by her dna after her dismembered body parts were found. the body of murdered teenager becky watts had to be identified by her dna, an inquest into her death has heard. becky, 16, went missing from her bristol home in february and her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later."," she was found in the woods near her parents' farm, near the town hall, with her hands bound, her head in her hands and her face covered with her hands.",1.000000
"the premier for western australia has sparked outrage after saying `some good 'has come out of the year-long search for the missing malaysia airline plane. colin barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in western australia yesterday, watoday reports. search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year."," ""I'm not saying the whole thing is over.",1.000000
"burnley manager sean dyche has complete confidence that his side will beat relegation. the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp. sean dyche's squad - minus the four players on international duty - spent last week in spain preparing for a run-in that begins with sunday's tricky visit of tottenham."," the claret and black will have their work cuts out for themselves if their hopes of avoiding a seventh successive defeat in the league are anything like the result at the weekend.",1.000000
"francis coquelin is determined to take his chance at arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend patrick vieira. the frenchman has thrived in the centre of arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at championship side charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. vieira was captain during arsenal's trophy laden beginning to arsene wenger's reign and coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend."," ""I'm really looking forward,"" he said, ""I'm very happy here.",1.000000
"philipp lahm has given former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves an insight into the meticulous approach of manager pep guardiola ahead of the club's champions league quarter-final tie against porto. the world cup winner was speaking to the bt sport pundit as part of a special documentary `inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves' which airs saturday at 10pm on bt sport 1.` his tactical understanding is incredible, 'lahm explained.","` the former Bayern Munich player was asked about the importance of the team's defensive structure and how the team is structured in the way the manager has it, and the importance the club places in winning the league, and the importance of the defensive shape, and the importance of how he likes to deploy his players, 'lahn added, `it's very similar to the way pep guardiola has it, and it is very important to the success of a team, and it is a very important aspect, but also it is a very tactical aspect, so the importance of that is not only to win a game.",1.000000
"a mother is demanding $300,000 from a school claiming her son would rather commit suicide than face his bullies. ashley shupe claims kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. it was a reaction, she claims to repeated `taunting, bullying and physical assault 'inflicted by one student in his class at oakmont elementary school in dickson county, tennessee, for more than a year since spetember 2013.","  she says she has been told her son would be dead by the time his school day was done if he didn't stop bullying her daughter, but the boy's parents have not been told the reason, but have been informed that he would be dead by the start of the school year if he did stop bullying.",1.000000
"when you're in good touch, it just takes a moment. nathan redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he made the decisive intervention in this tightly-fought encounter, but what a crucial one it could prove to be. steven whittaker, with sharp eyes and precise feet, played redmond in down the right touchline, the ball hugging the white line as it went forward."," the ball had already crossed the halfwayline, and the ball had been played into a corner, but redmond had already made a crucial decision, the first step towards the end of a long, drawn out, and highly-contested, match.",1.000000
"ap mccoy has urged the nation to follow his aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career. retirement beckons for mccoy, champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997, and he will stop riding immediately if his mount shutthefrontdoor wins the # 1million crabbie's grand national on saturday. ap mccoy celebrates grand national victory on don't push it in 2010."," ""I want to tell the nation I'm going to do this,"" mccooy told reporters after winning a silver at the 2010 World Grand Slam.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in her 40 years living in rochelle, illinois, cathy olson had never seen a tornado that big. ""i saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive,"" she said. she watched the hulking gray twister grind past her town thursday, tearing up its fringes."," she watched it go, and she watched it come again.",1.000000
"while the 3pm slump has most of us reaching for a chocolate bar, the sugar crash that comes afterwards, and the guilt, can ruin the enjoyment. but chocoholics can now get their fix guilt-free, as a raw foodie has developed healthy spins on all the classic chocolate bars. taline gabrielian, 33, of sydney's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including mars bars, snickers, bounty, twix and cherry ripe, and published the recipes through her best-selling food app, hippie lane."," ""I've always loved eating a chocolate bar and I've been trying different recipes for the longest,"" said Ms Gabrieliani, who started her chocolate-bar-making business in 2011, and has since sold her business to her husband.",1.000000
"the return of game of thrones has sparked a surge in internet piracy with fans making more than 100,000 illegal downloads per day. more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between february and april this year as fans of the hit hbo show caught up or re-capped before its eagerly-return on sky atlantic on sunday night. figures by anti-piracy and security firm irdeto revealed overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year, jumping from 4.","5 million illegal episodes on feberruary to 11 million in April, the highest since the show's inception in 2007.",1.000000
"england batsman ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire that will keep him at the club until the end of the 2017 season. bell signed his first contract with warwickshire in 1999 after progressing through the youth ranks from the under-11 team. the 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england."," the batsman has also been capped by England in all formats, including the World Cup.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a massive brawl involving two dozen people at a queens, new york, casino was captured on video friday night. the cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene."," the video was released on the internet on Thursday.",1.000000
"probably the most extraordinary thing about the island of st helena is that it was ever found at all. a tiny ten by six mile speck in the south atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa, it lay undiscovered for around 14 million years able to evolve its own unique flora and fauna untouched by the outside world. but almost from the moment portuguese explorer juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size."," the discovery of the island of St.",1.000000
"the lingerie model whose sexy pregnancy selfies turned her into an overnight internet sensation has already snapped the first photo of her trimmed and toned post-baby physique in `granny panties' - just four days after giving birth to her son. sarah stage, a 30-year-old from los angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs, with some critics claiming that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child. but her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday.","  the model's post-partner, jason holland of the popular webcomic and video site www.",1.000000
"a 25-year-old man left brain damaged as a baby after a blunder by doctors has today won his 23-year battle for # 7.3 million compensation. the young man, who can not be identified for legal reasons, now relies on 24-hour care."," the man's parents had originally filed for $1 million in compensatory, but a judge rejected the case, finding that he was ""too young to be entitled to compensation"".",1.000000
"a huge collection of designer shoes, handbags, clothes and accessories worth from # 300 to at least # 2,000 are set to go up for auction. the 173 lots include the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos, and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of carrie and samantha in sex and the city. the items, which are in immaculate condition, come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner, and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity."," the shoes are worth between £500-3000 and include the shoes, apron, shoes and shoes with the same design, which is also in great condition, as are all the accessories, which include a necklace, ear rings, earrings, earrings, a belt and shoes.",1.000000
"president barack obama took a break from being the real president on april fools' day to impersonate a fictional one, house of cards' conniving frank underwood. `hello everybody. this is not frank underwood, 'the president said after turning his head underwood, who is played by oscar-winning actor kevin spacey and frequently speaks shakespearean-style monologues to the audience."," `the real president, the real frank, is the real president.",1.000000
"a rare insight into manchester united's unpopular owners has lifted the lid on how they run the club. the man who spent six years as spokesman for the glazer family has written an enlightening account of his time with the manchester united chiefs. tehsin nayani's book, `the glazer gatekeeper: six years speaking for manchester united's silent owners', challenges popular perception about the us bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening # 800m takeover in 2005."," the book is also a fascinating look at how a man who has spent his whole professional career in the media has managed to become a man who works within the club.",1.000000
"a japanese bullet train has broken the speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph -lrb- 589km/h -rrb-. the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi, beating the previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003. another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers at the central japan railway company predict it could reach 373mph -lrb- 600km/h -rrb-."," This is a picture made by the maglev track engineer of the magllev track at the maglev station in Yamanashi, northern japan, Japan.",1.000000
"the five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach jerry tarkanian has suffered a stroke, his family said. his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday. danny and amy tarkanian said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement."," ""he is in stable condition,"" the family told the press.",1.000000
"two men accused in the robbery-murder of a 22-year-old university of kentucky student pleaded not guilty in a lexington court on monday. justin d. smith, 18, and 20-year-old efrain diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of jonathan krueger."," , a former college classmate, and a friend of smith's, allegedly robbed and murdered a man in a parking garage at a university campus on the morning after a campus party on April 25, 2015.",1.000000
"supermarket giant coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. in june, it's `made today, sold today 'slogan, was deemed misleading by the federal court."," the court ruled that coles had misled customers about the freshness, taste and nutritional contents of its bread, and the court also ordered it to pay $500,001 in penalties, which it's still paying.",1.000000
"manchester united and liverpool target # 25million memphis depay has held talks with paris st germain this week with the permission of his club psv eindhoven. the dialogue between psg and depay represents a threat to the premier league clubs with the qatari-backed french club understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than liverpool. united have yet to hold detailed talks with the player but have informed psv of their wish to do so while liverpool have established a good relationship with the club and would be serious contenders to sign the wide player if united's offer does not match their own."," the player's representatives will meet the club's sporting directors on Thursday to discuss a possible move to the capital.",1.000000
"a five-year-old boy born with parts of his brain in the wrong place has stunned doctors by walking two miles every day. brave finley lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia - which means many of his `grey matter 'cells have not migrated to the correct position. it left the boy, from wallasey, merseyside, unable to walk and talk, and with a 90 per cent chance of developing epilepsy."," the child has been treated at a specialist hospital in the north west, where his parents and his siblings live, but doctors fear the worst.",1.000000
"women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted australian serial killer ivan milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago, a new book reveals. the milat letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from milat to his eldest nephew alistair shipsey. milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992."," the letters are the first ever compiled by the author.",1.000000
"she recently revealed her then boyfriend jerry o'connell `flirted with and felt up 'rebecca romijn at a party over a decade ago. and photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before giuliana rancic became a woman scorned. the television personality - with the maiden name depandi at the time - cuddled up to the stand by me actor on the red carpet at the maxim magazine hot 100 party in las vegas back in june 2004."," she told me she had 'a very good friendship with the actor' but that he had been 'very rude' to giuliana and 'took advantage of me'.",1.000000
"those surprised at yaya toure's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from manchester city this week should not be. the ivorian's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs. toure, for example, left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division."," his career was cut tragically tragically short by injury in 2004, but his impact in the game was immense, and his influence is felt today, in a way that is almost impossible today, with the exception of a few players who came from a similar academy background, and who had the benefit, at least, of playing in a club that was, in the words of the former manager, a club ""where the best of football was played"".",1.000000
"supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago, but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self. the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot, which she shared monday on her instagram account. `boogie boarding with my baby, 'she captioned the image."," ""he's a little boy and he's a girl.",1.000000
"a german rapper turned islamic state terrorist has released a propaganda video where he calls on jihadist sleeper cells in europe to carry out terrorist attacks. denis cuspert, 39, dubbed the `goebbels of isis', sings about planning attacks in britain, germany and france, rapping` we want your blood '. this follows reports that british police have raised security levels ahead of several world war i commemorative events taking place next week."," denis is believed to have travelled through the UK to carry out a suicide attack on the London Bridge.",1.000000
"a former soldier has been reunited with his long-lost son after 25 years - after he spotted his facebook page appealing for help finding his father. the post by lewis helget, 27, appeared on darren goddard's timeline when he logged into the social networking site with the intention of deleting his account. a quarter of a century earlier, the 48-year-old had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son, who he thought he would never see again."," he was reunited on Sunday after a search of a remote area near his home, in a remote village in south east England, and was reunited after a short time on the phone, the Daily Telegraph said on Monday, adding that he had also spoken on a number of occasions about his son.",1.000000
"from the sky it appears to be an idyllic island with amazing beaches and a dense forest, but tourists or fishermen don't dare to set foot on this outcrop in the indian ocean due to its inhabitants' fearsome reputation. visitors who venture onto or too close to north sentinel island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe who have rejected modern civilisation and prefer to have zero contact with the outside world. when they do interact with outsiders, it usually involves violence -- the indigenous sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions.","  the island's inhabitants are a mix between the primitive tribesmen, the more advanced tribespeople, the nomadic hunters, the pastoralist and a mix between the more primitive tribes and a mix between the more sophisticated tribesmen and a hybrid of all.",1.000000
"the pentagon said tuesday it would exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and marines killed when the uss oklahoma sank in the bombing of pearl harbor. the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7, 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces. altogether, 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed."," ""we will continue to search the ocean floor for any trace, even though we don't believe it's possible,"" said a spokesman, who spoke to a group at a news conference at a Pentagon news conference.",1.000000
"tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling's face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday. footage this week emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide, a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria. but sherwood said: `let's hope he's not laughing after sunday.","`  sherwood has been accused of using a racial epithet during a press conference at the club's training ground.",1.000000
"the bbc filled more than half its election tv debate audience with left-leaning voters, some of whom were brought in from scotland and wales, it emerged last night. the audience at the filming of thursday night's debate in westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration. when ukip leader nigel farage interjected and said they were prejudiced, `even by the left-wing standards of the bbc ', the audience only booed him further.","  the bbc has been criticised over its treatment on immigration, but it was not the only news outlet to report that it was filled with people on welfare.",1.000000
"a man killed more than 1,000 dogs in russia as revenge as he believed the strays were responsible for giving him tuberculosis, a trial heard. danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from the streets around vladivostok as they posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out. the 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern russian city using poisoned sausages and setting traps to kill strays and occasionally even people's pets."," he claimed he had killed more than 1.",1.000000
"david crossley developed large kidney stones. like many busy people, david crossley often used to find himself so wrapped up in his working day that he would go without lunch, and often barely stopped for a cup of tea. in fact, david, 63, a musculoskeletal therapist from birmingham, admits: 'i would often be so busy at the clinic that i'd forget to drink any liquid at all, other than the odd cup of tea or coffee."," i'd have so many problems with kidney problems, that it seemed like a good idea at the time to have the kidney stones treated.'",1.000000
"manny pacquiao has added another string to his impressive bow by appearing in a hilarious commercial for foot locker ahead of his showdown with floyd mayweather. the filipino, who has tried his hand at acting, politics and coaching basketball over the years, stole the show in an advertisement for the american sportswear company back in november by joking about the possibility of finally being able to go toe-to-toe with mayweather. pacquiao assumed two fellow gym members were talking about a fight between himself and mayweather when they said: `the people wanted it and foot locker made it happen.","` he added: 'I'm going after the belt, I want the belt.'",1.000000
"london will be treated to an appearance from three olympic gold medallists this summer when jessica ennis-hill, mo farah and greg rutherford take part in the sainsbury's anniversary games. all three won their gongs on super saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively. they return to the olympic stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world's finest athletes."," , who won gold in the long jump in the sainbury's anniversary games, will be the first female Olympic champion, having won silver in London in 2008.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was like a scene out of ""make way for ducklings"" on tuesday on a rainy street in washington. cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir. abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street, and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them."," abdo says the ducklings were crying, and the mom was trying to calm them, and the duckling's mom tried to calm them, but the baby was screaming, and she had to stop her crying.",1.000000
"david bulman -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face. a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing. david bulman, 55, and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing."," bulaman punched and kicked his estranged wife lubova, causing a cut to one of a pair of blue and white stripes that she had on.",1.000000
"a fund-raising drive to help keep one of the country's oldest war veterans in his own home after a london council refused to pay for his ongoing care has reached # 10,000 in just four days. brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after second world war veteran robert clark at his home in burnt oak, north london. this is despite the fact he had already used # 50,000 of his life savings paying for his care."," the veteran has spent the last few years fighting for a place at the hospital where his mother, mother-of two daughters and his sister live.",1.000000
"a young mother has spoken of her fear that she could die at any moment due to a rare heart condition that should have killed her at the age of three. betheny coyne, from wigan, lancashire, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. but she defied medical predictions and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children."," her daughter, liz, 18 months, was diagnosed at the age, three, after she had a heart transplant.",1.000000
"almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english, maths and science departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools. they are struggling to fill core teaching positions, with some posts attracting only one or two applicants. school leaders warn the `bleak 'situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and` greater competition' for graduates among employers."," the headteachers say the shortage affects the whole school, not just a few schools, and the government needs more money to help tackle it.'",1.000000
"church of england schools should stop selecting pupils on faith because it discriminates against the poor, a group of vicars has claimed. they say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby. many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services, a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos."," the church's response to the allegations has been criticised by the head of a charity that supports the poor and vulnerable.",1.000000
"a teacher in new jersey who assigned her third-grade class to write `get well 'letters to a sick inmate convicted of killing a philadelphia police officer was suspended friday, the school superintendent said. orange school superintendent ronald lee said in a statement that school administrators` vehemently deny' any knowledge of marilyn zuniga's assignment. preliminary inquiries found that zuniga did not seek approval from administrators nor were parents notified, lee said."," ""The school district takes seriously the safety and security issues involved in our schools,"" lees added.",1.000000
"faced with deplorable conditions at a `horrendous' hotel in cyprus, two lads from cambridge tried to make the most of it by creating a hilarious video diary for their friends back home. the three-and-a-half minute video, titled` never letting him book a hotel again ', offers a glimpse into every traveller's nightmare -- dirty rooms, antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare to enter. with scenes reminiscent of the inbetweeners films, the video was created by patrick miller and his friend, damien, who stayed at the family-run hotel last week when they travelled to the mediterranean island for a friend's wedding."," the two men, both from south cambridges, had been living in a hotel in the town where they were studying for university.",1.000000
"parents need to keep their distance and trust schools and teachers instead of being `dervishes ready to battle with anyone and anything on behalf of their child ', a leading head teacher has said. peter tait, the headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset, claimed parents have become` dervishes' about their children's education and should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally. writing in attain, the magazine for the independent association of prep schools, mr tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child."," he said it was important for children to have a strong understanding of their own worth and that parents needed to keep their distance, he added, saying that parents need to have a good relationship, trust and respect, and should have the right attitude to their child.",1.000000
"a man was left with a swollen and painful penis thanks to injecting himself with petroleum jelly in the hope it would make his manhood bigger. father-of-one szilveszter, 24, who now lives in bolton, feared he would never be able to have more children after the diy procedure left him unable to have sex. he said: 'i had to stop having sex with my wife as it's too painful."," it's like a knife through the heart.'",1.000000
"point of view footage captured the terrifying moment a skier became caught up in an avalanche. skiing with a friend in revelstoke, canada, zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. after exhaling air, he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner."," the avalanche follows him, and the avalanche begins its descent.",1.000000
"police officers have raided a doctors' surgery following `concerns' about the deaths of four patients in the channel islands. ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney after the force was alerted by the health & social services department. the hssd said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council -lrb- gmc -rrb- was informed."," a number other patients were being treated at a private residence on the island of ankerney.",1.000000
"england had a good day on tuesday at the start of this second test in conditions that suited them. if they go on to bat themselves into a strong position, they can look at it in one of two ways. england can be happy they are good enough to take wickets at home and when the ball is swinging and conditions are in their favour - like here."," england have been unlucky in the last two Tests and have lost both of these games.",1.000000
"aussie the dog had always been very protective of his owners kai, seven, and sophie, 10. but now their beloved pet is being remembered as a hero after he saved the two children from being electrocuted to death in a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms. their family home at caves beach, near lake macqurie, had lost power so on wednesday the children's mother natalie crane-hayes decided take kai, sophie and aussie for a walk in a nearby park."," when they arrived they found the three young girls unconscious on the floor, their mother had left to go shopping.",1.000000
"he's all three emergency services rolled into one. andrew hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call. mr hichens, 28, will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof."," the team are trained on the basics like the use of a taser, the use of a stun gun, the use, the use, and how the taser works, and the proper procedure before using the stun gun.",1.000000
"an owl breeder has come up with a novel idea to help him tell his young fledglings apart - by giving them brightly coloured manicures. jay brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre, herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them, which can be fatal for the birds. so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own `talon salon '."," he said: `the idea was born out the fact the owlet claws are so similar, so I thought I would try and give them different colours.",1.000000
"an eccentric man is fighting to keep his driving licence photo as a picture of him with a colander on his head because it is his `religious right '. ian harris, 51, from brighton, east sussex, is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster whose followers, known as pastafarians, regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. he is challenging the dvla over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo, which he says is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs."," the dvla has ruled that he cannot wear the strainer because it is an `obscene religious decoration', and has ordered the photo taken off his licence.",1.000000
"the queen is the most powerful piece in chess. but one of the uk's most well-known grandmasters has angered women by saying they aren't smart enough to play the game. nigel short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.","  ""Women are very intelligent and very good at logic.",1.000000
"the first man to serve as white house social secretary, jeremy bernard, is leaving after four years on the job. the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister, confirming rumors that bernard, 53, would soon exit the administration. the first lady said in a statement she was `lucky to have such a talented individual on my team."," `I am so excited about what we will be able to build together.'",1.000000
"iain duncan smith has launched a scathing attack on labour's `politics of hate and envy 'and claimed the conservatives are` the real party of work'. the work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on `the most left-wing platform since michael foot 'and was` peddling lies' about the government's record. in an interview with the daily mail, the former conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work."," smith accused the Tories' policies on welfare, the minimum wage, tax cuts and the environment of creating an `unworkable' society.",1.000000
"nathaniel clyne has been told he is england's first choice right-back by roy hodgson. and the southampton defender, who is being tracked by manchester united and chelsea, has fuelled talk that he could quit st mary's this summer by insisting he wants to play champions league football. clyne's excellent displays for the saints have thrust him into the forefront of hodgson's plans."," ""I think I can be a really good player,"" he said.",1.000000
"many of us may not have the billionaire lifestyle or scientific prowess of marvel's tony stark, but we can now at least get his trademark hi-tech gloves at home. laser expert patrick priebe created a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. and in a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away."," A video of a prototype hand made by patrick priobe.",1.000000
"teller lake has become a giant fish bowl. the lake in boulder, colorado, has been invaded by thousands of gold fish, which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping `four or five 'of their pets in the water two or three years ago. the animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000, it's believed, and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases."," the lake is now a breeding ground, where goldfish can breed and multiply.",1.000000
"a young footballer who tragically died following a freak accident during a first grade rugby game has been described by his club as a well-respected player and all round `good bloke '. nicholas tooth, 25, was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on sunday."," a family statement read: ""nicholas had been a very well-loyal, dedicated, and dedicated player for our club, and was always looking forward to a good game every Saturday.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018, joining an elite club of nations who have explored earth's satellite. the japan aerospace exploration agency -lrb- jaxa -rrb-, divulged the plan to an expert panel, including members of the cabinet and the education, culture, sports, science and technology ministry on monday. ""this is an initial step and a lot of procedures are still ahead before the plan is formally approved,"" a jaxa spokesperson told reporters."," japan has been working for years on a lunar landing mission.",1.000000
"unexpected: waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year. our glorious spring has accelerated the growing season - and supermarket shelves are already bursting with english summer fruit and veg. usually at this time of year we would still be eating vegetables imported from spain and south america."," This is a great example of how a good market economy can encourage the development, and even thrive on, new products.",1.000000
"isa richardson, a well-known beggar in maidstone, kent, made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p. a beggar has been ordered to pay # 20 to a 12-year-old girl after intimidating her into handing over the last 15p of her pocket money. the frightened youngster was confronted by homeless isa richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down, a court heard."," isa, 52 and a mother-in-law of three children aged between five and 11 years of ailing mother and father who live on the edge, was ordered on Tuesday to give the cash, which was given her at the start of last month.",1.000000
"shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in tikrit are `out of control ', an official said. ahmed al-karim, head of the salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt` hundreds of houses' in the last two days. it comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit, retaken from the islamic state group this week, and arrest those responsible.","  The tikriter, a Sunni Muslim majority town in the north, has witnessed a series the violent clashes since the Islamic State group captured the town last week, killing more than 150 residents.",1.000000
"terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern siberia - with one vehicle driving past with its roof blazing. the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno. at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash."," the flames spread rapidly, with the driver of the burning car turning into the flames, before he is engulfed in flames himself, before he too turns around and drives away, before finally being extinguished completely by firefighters, before the driver of another car is engulfed in flames as well, and then the driver of the last burning truck, is engulfed in flames too.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- at first police in marana, arizona, thought the shoplifted gun mario valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire. the cable through the lever and trigger couldn't be taken off, an officer was told by an employee of the walmart where valencia took the gun and some rounds of ammunition. but just 10 seconds after the worker told police that... a shot."," a police officer in marina del pasos, a few miles north of san diego, was called into the Wal-mart where valencia was working, and the officer saw a man walking through the shop, with a gun.",1.000000
"what the nation needs is more geniuses. so said robert streeter and robert hoehn, two self-styled intelligence experts in the thirties, who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public. now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests -- so you can discover if you are a genius... a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers."," the book is titled ""the mind-reading machine"" and the author, a self-declarative genius named Robert Hoehm is the man behind the machine, and he's not afraid, so the reader should have the same confidence in his abilities as the writer himself, who is also self proclaimed genius.",1.000000
"celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership with an easy 2-0 win over 10-man partick at parkhead. the home side laid siege to the thistle defence at the start of the match but had to rely on a kris commons penalty a minute before the break to give them the interval lead. thistle midfielder james craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee willie collum for a `last man 'foul on hoops midfielder stuart armstrong to concede the spot-kick."," the home fans were not impressed, however.",1.000000
"a heavily armed algerian jihadi who was preparing to attack churches in paris on the orders is in custody this morning after being implicated in the murder of a young woman. the 24-year-old, named locally as sid ahmed ghlam, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern paris on sunday. this afternoon the paris prosecutor said police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the it student's home, as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in syria `who clearly asked him to target a church."," the prosecutor said that he was also linked to the murder on sundays, and that the killer was in custody today, and was believed responsible.""",1.000000
"aeroplanes are infamous as breeding grounds for bacteria, with tray tables, seats and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board. but an entrepreneurial team are hoping their new invention will revolutionise the cleaning of aircraft and help airlines win the battle against bacteria. arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot, called the germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.","  the germFalcon uses a light that is invisible but visible through a specially designed lens to kill bacteria.",1.000000
"healing: mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placenta. pictured: a smoothie. there is a tall glass of something very red and rather alarming on the kitchen counter when i meet kathryn beale at her three-bedroom home in swindon."," the glass is filled, the baby's face is covered in blood and she is in shock.",1.000000
"italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport have criticised theo walcott's display against italy by highlighting how little impact he had against their national team. the milan-based publication have scored england's players out of 10, with walcott receiving the worst rating with five. england captain wayne rooney, goalscorer andros townsend and substitute ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances at the juventus stadium."," theo has scored three times in the league this season and has been a constant threat for the hosts, scoring three times on his way into a hat role, but the Italian newspaper claim that theo's performance against italy has been a mixed one, with him only scoring three goals, but scoring three times on a hat role.",1.000000
"wayne rooney and louis van gaal took consolation in defeat after manchester united's performance in the 1-0 loss at chelsea. injury-depleted united slipped to defeat despite enjoying the better of much of the play against the premier league leaders, who are now 11 points clear of the third-placed red devils. yet the visitors' performance at stamford bridge on saturday has given rooney and van gaal cause for optimism."," the pair were both sent off after the interval and the Dutch international was sent off after a challenge from a United defender, while van Gaal was dismissed for a stamp.",1.000000
"a new york man who won three marathons in eight days last month said that his winnings will go toward the medical bills of his infant son, who has spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder. bryan morseman, 29, from bath, new york, started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14. he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary, north carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to new york."," he ran the marathons on the same route as he ran in the tobacco trail marathon.",1.000000
"celtic have hit out at the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final against inverness later this month at hampden. the game's governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15 pm on sunday, april 18 - before the first trains from inverness arrive in glasgow."," the sfa has responded by claiming that it's ""not fair to the supporters of the club"" but has also said that it will not ""take any action against any of our supporters who choose to attend the game"".",1.000000
"sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we learned from the premier league's easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the football league. 1. playing jordan henderson as a wing back instead of in his normal central midfield position was an idea that went spectacularly wrong for liverpool manager brendan rodgers."," The former England winger has been linked heavily this season with the likes, and he was forced into a defensive shift at times this weekend.",1.000000
"paul smith, having bravely lost his two challenges to arthur abraham in germany, now finds himself in pole position for a third successive joust against a reigning world super-middleweight champion. only this time the elder of liverpool's fine family of four fighting brothers will not be boxing for a title, even though it is against a far more formidable champion. andre ward, still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring, sees smith as the ideal warm-up opponent, possibly before a rematch with carl froch."," the younger brother of james, the younger brother of smith, has already been to a number, including a bout at a junior middle-weight tournament in south american, and is a man capable of taking on the best in the division.",1.000000
"chelsea boss jose mourinho would welcome jurgen klopp to the barclays premier league - after being assured he is not coming to take his job. the 47-year-old german has been tipped to make the move to england next season after confirming earlier this week that he will leave current club borussia dortmund after seven years at the end of the season. that news has sparked a frenzy of speculation over possible destinations with manchester city having already indicated he is not in their sights with pressure mounting on manuel pellegrini."," jose is a former Liverpool, Arsenal and Real Zaragoz striker, but has been linked heavily with a possible move to the top flight after a strong showing at the club.",1.000000
"the mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus, an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system, has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter's car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space -- despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. corinna skorpenske, from pittsburgh, pennsylvania, took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter harley jo, a student at ohio state university, and her condition. `my first reaction was anger, 'corinna told yahoo health."," 'the note was a little harsh, but it was not malicious, it just was not right.",1.000000
"despite being paraded as a prominent backer of mr miliband hours earlier, throughout the television debate on thursday night she instead tweeted praise for green party leader natalie bennett. ed miliband faced yet more humiliation today as he lost the support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a high-profile letter backing him. campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people `from all walks of life '."," but the campaign was thwarted after a blogger, who was not a plus member, wrote on his blog: `I am a plus size woman and I think the party should be more open about its support.'",1.000000
"tesco chairman john allan claimed david cameron's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse 'tesco could quit london if britain leaves the european union, its chairman has warned in a swipe at david cameron. john allan claimed the tory leader's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse'. he suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from london to other sites in europe `relatively painlessly ', should britain exit the eu."," 'if the country were outside the euro it could go into the hands of a different country, and that would be a disaster,' said the chairman of tESCO, which owns Tescon and Marks and Supermarkets.",1.000000
"steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league after a 2-0 defeat by southampton left them battling to stay up. at the start of the campaign bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive, but despite a strong start his hull side have mustered just six and he is hoping `nine or eight might be enough. 'hull were the better side against southampton for the first 45 minutes but a james ward-prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing."," 'we were a bit unlucky but we had to play a bit more football,' said he, `we had some chances and we had to play some more football.",1.000000
"the world's largest sperm bank is relocating next to one of the country's largest universities in order to tap into `the abundant donor opportunities'. cryos international, an online sperm bank, is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando, right next to the university of central florida. while the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer, it is also due to the` intense competition for donors' in new york."," This is not the first such move by cryos international.",1.000000
"new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- wall street is more than ready for hillary clinton. the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid, clinton will once again seek the democratic party's nomination for president. ""i'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time,"" clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign."," clindon has spent years cultivating a loyal following of white working and middle classes voters, and she's hoping to tap into the frustration over the economy, foreign policies and the nation itself, which have left many voters feeling betrayed by a Democratic Party that's been in the news for years for being too cozy with the financial industry.",1.000000
"tony abbott may have thrilled players at an australian rules function by skolling a beer but he's drawn the ire of anti-drinking campaigners who claim he's glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze. julie robert, a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney, said it was `problematic 'that the prime minister, who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking, thought it acceptable to` showcase his masculinity' by skolling a beer. `it sets up a culture that drinking isn't about socialising with friends, it's about how quickly and how much you can drink, 'she said."," Ms Robinson said the prime minster should be promoting a society where men are encouraged to have more social interaction and drink more.",1.000000
"a city's communications boss has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with a black and an asian model and told the photographer they were `not the image i want for the city '. rosemary taylor, communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia, made the` racist' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival two weeks ago. after witnessing mr jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson, 18, and 19-year-old khamlee vongvone at the event, she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls."," she told the model and model's friend that the photo shoot had already been arranged and the photographer was going on vacation, and that the two girls were 'not what we were hoping' for.",1.000000
"the archbishop of canterbury has hailed the victims of the massacre at a kenyan university earlier this week as martyrs during his easter sunday sermon. speaking at canterbury cathedral today, the most rev justin welby said the 148 mainly christian victims of thursday's brutal mass-murders were `witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word. 'pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter's square in the vatican, where he also made a nod to the recent agreement between iran and the international community over its nuclear power, calling it a` step toward a more secure and fraternal world.","  the pope has also been quick on twitter to praise victims of thursday night's attack, including the victims of the attack in the capital, and has been quick to express solidarity, saying that he is `very, extremely, deeply sorry for what happened today.",1.000000
"he has been a colossus of the game. he has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england, six premier league titles, the fa cup and the champions league. in his pomp, he was the stuff of strikers' nightmares, driving some of the world's greatest goalscorers to distraction with lightning-sharp reactions and an instinctive reading of the game."," his career was a roller-coasters ride of ups and downs, but he never let it stop his progress, and his achievements in the sport are legendary, from winning two FA Cups, two Premier League titles and the FA Cup Winners' Cup, to his incredible goal-kills in the Champions League and FA Cup final.",1.000000
"when defenders who have not scored for two years find the net, watford might begin to think this can be the year they return to the premier league. matthew connolly has only been at the club for a month but struck a goal that proved key at a stadium that has humbled all three of their nearest promotion rivals. watford were made to sweat for the three points during a late surge by 10-man nottingham forest, but left having leapfrogged middlesbrough into third, behind norwich in second on goal difference.","  the game was played at a high level, with the ball at a steady pace, and the visitors were able to exploit that, but the home side had the edge going into the break.",1.000000
"proud and unabashed, aston villa supporting talksport commentator stan collymore showed his true colours when he watched his boyhood club claw back a vital point against premier league relegation rivals qpr. sporting a claret and blue scarf in the press box at villa park, the former striker could not contain himself as christian benteke fired home to make it 2-1 to the home side and was pictured leaping out of his seat. that lead wouldn't last though, as goals from qpr's clint hill and charlie austin turned the game on its head and made it 3-2 in the visitors' favour."," Posted by stany at 12/03/2012 00.",1.000000
"state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scot's college university shortcut `unfair, 'after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their hsc. tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college, one of sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000. the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot's college to skip their year 12 exams and` buy' their entry into the sandstone university."," the university has also launched an ad campaign to encourage scotiabell students, students at other schools, students from other countries to apply, and to encourage scot's colleges to open up their programmes, to help scot colleges to attract more international students, the report said.",1.000000
"relegation-threatened romanian club ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week. former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run, only to be reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to `give the coaching staff another chance. 'but the 41-year-old former inter milan and parma right back, capped 25 times by brazil, angered massone again after ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table fc botosani on saturday."," 'ceahlulaul pita' was replaced by 'cella', a name that was also used during a match against mondiale on the 10-11th of aprill, and the team is currently on the brink, with a 2.",1.000000
"delhi -lrb- cnn -rrb- an international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern india. ""there must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force, and whether the killings amount to `fake encounters, 'or staged extrajudicial executions"", said abhirr vp, of amnesty international india. ""the police are not above the law, and must not be treated like they are."," they need the full and independent investigation of these deaths,"" he said, speaking to the media in a press conference in front of the Delhi police headquarters.",1.000000
"second child: mrs pereiro-mendez arrives yesterday. a top executive at goldman sachs secretly filmed colleagues to record their `sexist 'behaviour when she became pregnant. sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child."," she claims she was told her baby would have an IQ below 70.",1.000000
"a neighbourhood watch official has been handed a restraining order following a bitter row with his neighbours over a garden gate. married couple john and karen copleston claim paul phillips, 67, `constantly harassed 'them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their # 210,000 house in poole, dorset. retired mr phillips, the treasurer of the local neighbourhood watch scheme, accused the coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land and took the matter to council planners."," he claimed the gate had been put there without permission, but council officials said it was a 'private matter'.",1.000000
"rangers boss stuart mccall has been reassured that the decision to remove the club off the london stock exchange will not affect his squad's promotion push. the ibrox faithful were rocked by thursday's news that the club had been de-listed from the aim after chairman-in-waiting dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor. interim chairman paul murray put the blame for aim's decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the isdx market."," the club has also been given the go ahead to sell its shares, with the majority of the outstanding outstanding shares being offered for sale on the market, with the remaining shares being held by a small number investors, the club has been given the green light, and will be allowed to issue its own shares.",1.000000
"most teens would be mortified to have a parent chaperone their prom - let alone take one of them as a date. but not joy webb. the 17-year-old albertville, alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend."," ""the prom was a blast and it felt like a big party,"" said webber, who was dressed in a white shirt and black skirt.",1.000000
"for the first time since in 100 years, arsenal will not start the season at the summit of england's top-flight, following the effective promotion of bournemouth on monday. the cherries official name is afc bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures. the goldsands stadium, home of afc bournemouth, will host premier league football next season."," AFC BOURNE (7th in the table) AFC BIRKSHIRE LEICESters (8) CHELSEA CELTA CHELSEA CHICAGO FIRE (9) (10th in the table) DETROIT (10th in table) DUNEDINS (10) FULLBACK GOAL!",1.000000
"the bbc has been accused of launching a left-wing stitch-up on david cameron after the conservative party leader was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on radio 1. host chris smith was also accused of being hostile towards the prime minister, at one point offering to bet # 1,000 that he would not win a majority. listeners commenting on twitter accused the programme of `leftist hostility 'and branded the interview` appalling'."," The bcp also said the interview was 'unacceptable' after the host appeared to suggest the prime minster had been `bribed' by a foreign source.",1.000000
"ipswich town manager mick mccarthy was feeling less vibrant than his team's bright orange strip after they blew a chance to climb into the play-off places. the tractor boys, who have now lost four of their last five away games, were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes by huddersfield strike pair nahki wells and james vaughan. mccarthy responded by making two changes at half-time and was rewarded when luke varney reduced arrears earlier in the second period."," the visitors had a chance to level after the break but a superb goal from jonathan lee denied him the chance to add to his tally, while the hosts had a second chance to level after the restart when the home fans turned out en mass to cheer for their team, who were still without their captain, jonathan lees.",1.000000
"cbs political analyst john dickerson has been announced as the new host of face the nation, taking over from veteran broadcaster bob schieffer. the chief political correspondent of slate magazine was announced as the new host on the show on sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week. he is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program, and said he's `honored and excited 'by the new job."," schieerr has hosted face the nation since 1999.",1.000000
"a married software executive who drugged a female employee in order to take naked pictures of her on a business trip has been jailed. sexual predator henri morris was told he would serve 10 years behind bars for his `calculated and choreographed 'crime. the 67-year-old was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012."," the woman had been on a business visit to a US company when the pair were approached by the man, the victim said.",1.000000
"facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless. the social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio, as containing `potentially offensive nudity '. the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday."," the clip shows two women, both in traditional garb, sitting in a trailer for a radio show called `Otaku Radio', which airs in the US on the ABC network, and the women are shown holding a wooden spoon in front of them.",1.000000
"some are smiling, some waving, while others have the strain of their torturous journey etched on their faces. whatever the emotions running through their young minds, these children are very much the lucky ones. they are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land after a desperate voyage across the mediterranean that has claimed the lives of so many others."," the young migrants who make up these new arrivals in the Mediterranean are all part the ""refUGEes"" who have made their way to the EU's southern border.",1.000000
"a tv cameraman has been banned from the aaron hernandez murder trial after admitting he followed jurors at the end of a court session. superior court judge susan garsh punished robert cusanelli of whdh-tv after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday. `he can not come into this building or be driving a whdh vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case, 'garsh said from the bench after cusanelli testified under oath."," `cusa said he was on a trial at aaron hernadze murder trial when the jury began deliberations.",1.000000
"the mother of a primary school pupil who told a labour mp he supported ukip because he wanted to get `all the foreigners out the country 'has admitted she's embarrassed by the exchange. tristram hunt, the shadow education secretary, was visiting the primary school in derby where he was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election if he could. video of the conversation shows the labour mp was stunned by the statement, which a ukip spokesman claimed shows the schoolboy had been` drinking in propaganda' from the party's rivals."," 'I'm sorry to hear about that.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- last month's so-so jobs numbers confirm the challenges our economy still faces. despite recent gains, only 126,000 jobs were added, the lowest since december 2013. wages remain sluggish."," This is not good news, and the latest numbers from the US labor market show that we are not just losing jobs, but we are losing them fast.",1.000000
"a man arrested by counter-terror police investigating the murder of a syrian-born cleric has been remanded in custody after appearing in court accused of possessing an explosive substance and ammunition. khalid rashad, 61, appeared at camberwell magistrates court today, charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose, and possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate. the charges were brought yesterday by officers investigating the death of abdul hadi arwani, 48, an outspoken critic of the assad regime in syria, whose body was found in his parked volkswagen passat in wembley, north west london, on april 7."," the court has heard the man was in custody on a charge related only ""to a suspicious item"" and that the charge was dismissed on the day the body of the cleric had arrived in the country, and that the charges against the man were withdrawn.",1.000000
"former world champion ken doherty launched a spirited fightback to lead snooker's top woman player reanne evans 5-4 at the interval of their world championship first qualifying round match in sheffield. doherty, who won the title in 1997, won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage against 29-year-old evans, a single mum from dudley who is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the crucible. the match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on thursday evening."," the first two games of the morning will be decided by the scoreline, but the third will go to the winner after a tiebreak.",1.000000
"comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy time warner cable for $45.2 billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider. `today, we move on."," We will continue to focus our efforts on our core business, which remains strong, and on our customers and our partners.",1.000000
"ludogorets player cosmin moti is guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you're likely to see this season after his kung-fu style tackle on a cska sofia player - but unbelievably the referee waved play on. it was a kick eric cantona would have been proud of, as he connected cleanly with stefan nikolic's rib-cage and sending his opponent crashing to the floor. the defender made the headlines for the right reasons during ludogorets champions league play-off against steaua bucharest back in august, when he saved two penalties during the shoot-out - after their goalkeeper had been sent off."," he has also made a number on the international stage, having scored a brace in a 2-1 win against England in a friendly earlier in August, and also scoring the winner in a friendly defeat at home on a penalty shootout at home on a weeknight in September, but he's still only 22 years old, and has yet to make his mark on the national team, and has been on the periphery of European football for the past few years.",1.000000
"graeme finlay leaving teesside crown court today. he is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship. after enjoying dinner, an evening show and a drink in the cruise ship's cabaret bar, ron and june phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa."," when the pair arrived home, they were confronted by a group of men who were waiting outside.",1.000000
"robin van persie scored twice as he continued his recovery from an ankle injury in manchester united's 4-1 win over fulham in the under-21 premier league. the holland striker's sharp performance at craven cottage suggests he will be in contention to start in louis van gaal's side for the visit of west bromwich albion on saturday. van persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-february and has only just returned to the first-team picture, replacing wayne rooney for the final two minutes of united's 3-0 loss at everton on sunday."," the striker has scored three goals in five starts this season, including a hatless effort against fulHAM in the under-23s.",1.000000
"older workers are suffering dismal pay rises while those awarded to the youngest workers have gone up by nine times as much. the gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years, amid claims the over-50s are being left behind, official figures reveal. critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer by failing to train and promote them or give them decent annual pay rises."," The gap between pay rises between younger and older staff has grown by 9.",1.000000
"proud and unabashed, aston villa supporting talksport commentator stan collymore showed his true colours when he watched his boyhood club claw back a vital point against premier league relegation rivals qpr. sporting a claret and blue scarf in the press box at villa park, the former striker could not contain himself as christian benteke fired home to make it 2-1 to the home side and was pictured leaping out of his seat. that lead wouldn't last though, as goals from qpr's clint hill and charlie austin turned the game on its head and made it 3-2 in the visitors' favour."," Posted by StAN at 12:00 Posted by Stan at 11 The following day, stan had the pleasure, of his life, to sit down at a table at villas villa, where he had a chance to speak to a couple about football, the league, the club, the players and the fans.",1.000000
"a mother has revealed that despite winning her wrongful arrest case against the police after she was handcuffed in front of her down syndrome daughter, she hasn't had an apology. valerie cadman-khan, 56, from middlesbrough, appeared on this morning to talk about the incident in which a policeman took her in for questioning amid claims of child neglect. the council worker appeared visibly upset as she recalled the events of 2008 to presenter ruth langsford when her daughter aimee, now 19, was just 12."," ""the officer said 'let me see the baby' and she said she didn´t know what he wanted,"" said cadmantman.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- we did it again, in another american city. we set baltimore on fire this time. we brutalized black bodies."," we killed black people, black children, and black men.",1.000000
"nico rosberg and lewis hamilton haven't always seen eye-to-eye in the past 12 months but the pair appeared to be singing from the same hymn sheet on thursday. fresh from being beaten by ferrari driver sebastian vettel at the malaysian grand prix on march 29, the mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in china. the duo attended mercedes' brackley base in the hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in shanghai on april 10-12.","  rosy and hampton were joined at a press briefing by cox van de werf, the team's chief mechanic and a close friend, and they shared a few of their thoughts.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently, a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook. what exactly is ""service of process""? serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle: if you are going to sue someone, you should at least let them know about it."," the fact this is happening on facebook, and the way the judge handled the issue, raises some very serious issues.",1.000000
"twin 18-month-old boys were pronounced dead at a hospital after being pulled from a canal in arizona. the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45 am on friday in yuma, arizona."," the twins had suffered injuries to one side, but were alive at 11.",1.000000
"manchester city defender pablo zabaleta accepts the fallen champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four. zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday's derby loss at manchester united having continued a dismal run which has seen city capitulate in the barclays premier league title race. manuel pellegrini's men crashed 4-2 at old trafford, a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a champions league place.","  zabaleta: ""We're not going to be happy if the derby is over.",1.000000
"manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season. pellegrini's side face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday with their top four prospects hanging in the balance. the premier league champions have lost four of their last five games and pellegrini said: `you are wrong if you think that, at this club, you are out if you don't win the title."," I think I am in the best position I can be, but I can only be honest about this.",1.000000
"rory mcilory was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday as the one direction singer caddied for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta. the 21-year-old singer horan shared a photo on social media of him and mcilory before the pair headed out onto the course, where the one direction singer was about to make an embarrassing slip. horan fell while carrying mcilroy's clubs around the par-three course, but the pair laughed it off as the northern irishman his a one-under-par round on wednesday.","  monday morning a tweet from a golf fan named michael mcclory was the perfect way to start the day, sharing the photo below of michael mcilory and his friend, rorre hollings.",1.000000
"visitors will be able to travel through time when one world trade center opens next month. those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of lower manhattan from the 1500s to the present day as they ascend to the top. the video, shared by the new york times on monday, will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory."," , the new york Times will be the only daily paper to have a video of the observation room.",1.000000
"a woman suspected of abandoning her newborn baby girl in a south carolina dumpster has come forward following the rescue of the hours old infant by a teenager. horry county police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police. the baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by austin detray on thursday afternoon when he heard her crying."," the baby was later pronounced clinically pronounced as premature.",1.000000
"kingsley burrell, 29, died in police custody on march 31 2011, four days after he was arrested and sectioned in birmingham city centre. a mentally ill father-of-three who died in police custody was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself after being denied access to a toilet, and was repeatedly punched by officers, it was claimed today. kingsley burrell, 29, was taken into custody on march 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of birmingham, a court has heard."," He had previously been arrested for threatening the officer, but had been released on bail.",1.000000
"getting the best price for your unwanted wares online can seem like a fine art, but researchers have found a simple trick that could see your bids soar. economists plotted how much goods listed on ebay sold for and discovered that items with precise prices attract higher offers than those with round numbers, such as $1,000. in fact, sellers who end their price with `00 'typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices."," The study, published today in Science, is the first attempt at tracking the price-to-sale ratio, which is the ratio of a seller's price to the average bid on an eBay listing, which is the price that the auctioneers are most likely to receive.",1.000000
"an australian businesswoman has come out on top against the world's 13th richest billionaire after stopping benefit cosmetics from using the term `brow bar 'exclusively. beautician chernae noonan, who founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar, has blocked the cosmetic giant's application to trademark the phrase. benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy -lrb- lvmh -rrb-, which is run by luxury goods tycoon bernard arnault."," the company has applied the trademark on behalf of beauty bar, which is owned, owned, and owned by the world's richest man.",1.000000
"anyone who has spent hours sitting in a traffic jam can attest that cars are not always the most comfortable spaces. but some are considerably worse than others, an extensive survey of motorists found. the most uncomfortable is the nissan note mk1 with a score of just 80 per cent, according to the poll of 61,000 drivers."," the car is the least pleasant of all.",1.000000
"it was the most hi-tech road trip ever attempted. delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us, travelling from san francisco to new york in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted by an automated vehicle. nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode."," This was the first time that an autonomous driving vehicle has been used to travel across the entire length of the US.",1.000000
"a young man was banned from every branch of sainsbury's after he was wrongly accused of shoplifting a pair of speakers. aden gould, 21, was also told to pay a # 150 `security fee 'after he was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket - even though he put the equipment back where he found it. the giant firm sent him an aggressive letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him trying to enter sainsbury's."," ""the company has now decided to suspend all its security services in the UK and the rest of the European Union for a period,"" said the firm's chief marketing officer, Mark Smith.",1.000000
"a city high-flyer who combined her stressful finance job with raising six children has advised her daughters to marry early and have children while they are young. fund manager nicola horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38. she revealed juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office -- even while carrying out job interviews."," 'the first baby we gave up had to be breast fed' said Horllick.",1.000000
"rhodri giggs outside manchester magistrates court yesterday, where he was banned from driving. the brother of ex-footballer ryan giggs has lost his job as a hgv driver after being banned from the roads for driving without insurance. rhodri giggs, 37, revealed that he is now unemployed as he lost his licence after being found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance."," he was given an automatic six months' suspension and fined £500.",1.000000
"on the run: clarence taylor, 44, remains at large after police in akron, ohio ordered his arrest in connected to a bizarre `faked kidnapping 'last fall. a man is on the run after police charged him with faking his own kidnapping in a bizarre incident last fall. police say clarence taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron, ohio."," police say the man was arrested on Oct 1, 2014, after the man allegedly tried choking his mother to death.",1.000000
"manuel pellegrini has insisted he is not impressed by united's rise up the table. asked for his thoughts about his team's great rivals surging past them in the barclays premier league, the manchester city boss said: `not impressed, no, because i think louis van gaal has a career as a manager where his teams are always offensive teams, teams that win titles everywhere.` united bought a lot of very good players such as angel di maria, radamel falcao, ander herrera, juan mata and daley blind."," but they have not been able, and i think they are not going to, but i think they will continue on.",1.000000
"tottenham hotspur goalkeeper hugo lloris will miss sunday's premier league trip to struggling burnley as he recovers from a gashed knee suffered two weeks ago against leicester city. the france international was carried off on a stretcher early in the 4-3 win against leicester city and missed his country's friendlies against brazil and denmark. `hugo lloris is still recovering after his problem against leicester - he is out, 'tottenham manager mauricio pochettino said at a news conference on thursday."," 'we are working with the physiotherapy staff on a plan,' said the Argentine.",1.000000
"tony mccoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered jezki to a thumping victory in the grade one aintree hurdle. having been out of luck with his opening three rides -- the closest he got was third place in the betfred bowl on holywell -- mccoy broke his duck on the jessica harrington-trained gelding. his task was made a little more straightforward than it might have been, as arctic fire -- the favourite, ridden by ruby walsh -- took a crashing fall at the final flight when poised to challenge jezki."," jason mckinnell, who was riding a brand new, brand spanking new jason mccoy, was in the driver seat for the remainder, but it was the jason mccoy who had the better of it.",1.000000
"officially it's known as a `forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike 'but unofficially it's the` firework' and tom daley hopes it's the dive that turns london bronze into rio gold. the former world champion knows he needs to push the boundaries of his sport and spent most of last year battling to master his `demon 'dive, a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference. however, along with new coach jane figueiredo he spent the winter modifying a new plunge, something that has never been attempted before."," it's a challenge that's sure, but also a chance to prove that the man who once called it his `dream' is still the man who can do the impossible.",1.000000
"egypt's oldest pyramid was built almost 5,000 years ago but a similar structure hidden beneath rubble could be up to four times older. if true, the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation. geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago.","  ""the site was discovered during a recent excavation of the ruins of a temple in a nearby valley,"" he told the New York Observer, referring the site's ancient temple complex, called the pyramid complex.",1.000000
"samantha cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a ukip stronghold. the prime minister's wife swooped into rochester and strood, the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer. david cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick mr reckless's `fat arse 'out of the commons, and clearly hopes his wife can woo voters in the crucial kent battleground."," the prime minister's chief strategist, david chen has also made his presence known in a bid, he says, to win back a seat he lost at last month.",1.000000
"the uk's top prosecutor today told critics deriding her decision not to prosecute lord janner over alleged child sex offences to challenge her in court. alison saunders, the director of public prosecutions, said she was `not afraid 'of a legal challenge because she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia. and in her first interview since she announced lord janner would not face trial she refused to quit because` making the right decision is not a resigning issue'."," the former Labour minister told the Guardian: 'I am not afraid, because it's the right thing, it's the best decision I've ever made.'",1.000000
"a man has allegedly crashed his car into a house full of people and attempted to set it on fire before stabbing a man to death. the 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek, north-west of brisbane, about 7.30 pm on monday."," police say he then tried to stab the dead man to deaths before fleeing in his stolen car, which was found abandoned in a remote area near the town's central business district.",1.000000
"anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the new orleans pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011 with a 108-103 victory over the san antonio spurs on wednesday. davis, who'll make his play-off debut against the golden state warriors, came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers, two blocks and two rebounds to prevent the spurs from pulling off a 23-point comeback. tyreke evans had 19 points and 11 assists, and eric gordon added 14 points for new orleans, which had to win to make the post-season because oklahoma city also won in minnesota."," Posted by: jonathan at 11/30, 11/30, 12/02 Posted on by: johnny_at at 12:00 AM | Comments Off The New Orleans Pelicans are now the first NBA franchise ever without a winning streak.",1.000000
"pusok sported a black eye in his booking photo after the beating. a california county on tuesday approved paying a $650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit by a man whose beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video. san bernardino county spokesman david wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old francis pusok in a closed meeting."," , the man was charged after deputies chased his horses and a police dog after he ran into a ditch, according the news station KSBW-Channel 11, which broke news about it on Thursday.",1.000000
"manchester united duo david de gea and victor valdes made the most of the rare english sun with a trip to a theme park on tuesday afternoon. the spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time just days after united's impressive win against fierce rivals manchester city. it has certainly been a rollercoaster season for the red devils, who have emerged in recent weeks as rivals to arsenal for second place in the premier league having been struggling to make the top-four earlier in the campaign."," Posted on: August 21, 2014 Man City - Manchester United - Manchester Utd - Manchester City (0.",1.000000
"dmitry kaminskiy is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of `supercenternarians' a moldovan multi-millionaire whose dream it is to live forever has promised to give $1 million to the first person to reach the age of 123. dmitry kaminskiy, a senior partner of hong kong-based firm, deep knowledge ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of` supercenternarians'. he says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the `real absolute limit to human lifespan '.","  The billionaire, who was once a member of the Russian royal household and is a former member of a Soviet-era KGB spy ring has been working on a plan to raise $500m to fund his dream, which he believes would allow the world's richest man to live to be 122, the year he is expected, to die.",1.000000
"another day at melwood, another awkward conversation with brendan rodgers for raheem sterling. this time, rather than a chat about a contract spurned it will be a noxious but legal substance once tried and tested by our own prince harry that will be under discussion. if sterling has any sense, he won't use the distinguished list of those who have previously tried nitrous oxide as an attempt at mitigation."," he'll use it, as he always does, as an attempt at mitigation, but only as an excuse to try nitrous, and only if he can get away without the legal stuff.",1.000000
"a seattle-based filmmaker who spent three months in thailand has created the ultimate love letter to some of the country's best beauty spots. gabriel ng spent countless hours filming thailand's picturesque coastline, religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone. the result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why thailand is a favourite destination for tourists."," , the director, said:  I've been to Thailand for three months now, and it's the most beautiful country in all the land, but it is also the most dangerous.",1.000000
"the brother of australia's most notorious serial killer has confessed to knowing of his evil sibling's first victim - and to hiding the truth for 50 years as the `wrong man 'was convicted and behind bars. boris milat detailed how his brother, ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree, according to channel 7's sunday night. neville knight was shot on march 6, 1962, by a 17-year-old milat who was riding in the back of his taxi."," iban was shot in front of a school in a nearby town.",1.000000
"four very terrified puppies strapped in a cage to the roof of a van moving on the freeway were rescued after dozens of concerned drivers called 911 and police pulled over the car. wendell steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in akron, ohio during their 300-mile journey from nova, ohio to pennsylvania. although mitt romney was governor of massachusetts and not the buckeye state, the former presidential candidate famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the white house after it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his irish setter seamus on top of his car in a carrier."," the driver, who was not identified by police, was charged but eventually dropped the charge.",1.000000
"there at least 200 billion earth-like planets in our galaxy -- and now nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them. during a talk in washington today, the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade. 'i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years,' ellen stofan, chief scientist for nasa, said."," 'We are not going to be alone in finding alien civilizations.",1.000000
"hundreds of morning commuters in boston were delayed today after a truck crashed on an elevated highway over subway and rail tracks. the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am, and both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. as officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming.","  i'm not a driver, but i can tell this is going on.",1.000000
"two men have been arrested after a thomson airways flight from london to mexico was forced to divert to bermuda. the boeing 787-8 departed from london gatwick at around 9.40 am yesterday, and was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to cancun when it landed at lf wade international airport in bermuda."," the crew of the 787-8 were arrested on arrival in lf london, and were held for further investigation, but no further information has been released.",1.000000
"kingsley burrell, 29, died in police custody on march 31 2011, four days after he was arrested and sectioned in birmingham city centre. a mentally ill father-of-three who died in police custody was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself after being denied access to a toilet, and was repeatedly punched by officers, it was claimed today. kingsley burrell, 29, was taken into custody on march 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of birmingham, a court has heard."," Mr Burrough was taken to a police custody centre after calling police to tell officers about a gun, a court heard today.",1.000000
"towie star and footballer jake hall scored a vital goal for non-league side boston united on monday - impressing his on-screen girlfriend chloe lewis in the stands. hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the pilgrims on course for a place in the conference north play-offs. and it put a smile on the face of lewis, his on-off girlfriend in the popular essex-based itv show, who was watching on at york street.","  ""I was watching it on the sofa, I thought, 'that is a great move by the player',"" said leWIS, who is currently on holiday at the beach in the UK.",1.000000
"a personal trainer who claims to have helped gwen stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood, a court has hard. mike heatlie, 42, launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette. heatlie, from edinburgh, was once voted as one of the city's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.","s tour, but claims the experience has left her with ""an intense fear"" of her boyfriend, mike heatlie.",1.000000
"the father of a 10-year-old minnesota boy whose body was found in the mississippi river over the weekend was arrested monday, less than a month after he appeared at a vigil tearfully pleading for his safe return. pierre collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway collins, crystal police chief stephanie revering said in a news release. pierre collins was phootgraphed monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in crystal.","  ""I want to say thank-yours to the Crystal Police Department, the family and all of the friends, supporters, law enforcement, the media, the media and everyone involved in making it all come together for our family.",1.000000
"st. john, u.s.","  A few weeks ago, a group calling himself Black Lives Matter gathered in front the home where my mother lived, and began chanting ""kill the cops.""",1.000000
"john hughes has revealed how he came within a heartbeat of stepping down from his job at inverness as the josh meekings controversy went into overdrive this week. the caley thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender - before he was dramatically cleared - that he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves, just weeks before an historic scottish cup final date. keen cyclist hughes set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing meekings had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against celtic, and admits his head was in a spin over an affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last sunday."," ""the whole of it was a shock to the system and I was so repulsive to be in the situation I found ourselves in.",1.000000
"the idea that your tongue is separated into `zones' for different tastes has been widely debunked - although the exact process taking place is still poorly understood. but now, for the first time, scientists have created a live imaging map of the tongue's taste buds to determine what happens each time we place food in our mouths. it reveals how taste buds have different cells that are used to differentiate between between the five basic groups of flavours."," the team from the Institute of Food Science and Technology in Tokyo has created a 3.",1.000000
"the aurora movie theater shooter studied brain disorders as a doctoral student before he killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of america's deadliest mass shootings. prosecutors said james holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. the prosecution is trying to prove that holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of july 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the batman film `the dark knight rises'."," the movie was released on September 12th, 2012, but it is the first time that the movie theater was attacked.",1.000000
"kathmandu, nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- the clamor and chaos of the previous day has dissipated by the time we arrive at kathmandu's only airport. the mad rush of 24 hours previously, in those first confusing, cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the nepali capital, had died down."," we're in a small airport, with a few hundred passengers and an airport manager, but the chaos still lingers.",1.000000
"when it comes to playing tricks on people, especially parents it's important to know when to stop. however, this did not appear to cross the mind of teenager lily sharp, who lives in the uk, when she decided to prank her own mother. rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door, lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping - any parents worse fear.","  the incident began on the day lillie had been due at a school dance.",1.000000
"jemma peacock -lrb- pictured on her wedding day -rrb- says the nhs is denying her two daughters -lrb- pictured -rrb- their mother by refusing to fund a life-saving drug. a terminally-ill cancer sufferer has accused the nhs of denying her two daughters their mother by refusing to fund a potentially life-extending drug. jemma peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life."," but the NHS refused her two daughters a drug that would allow them the right to have a mother, and instead refused to pay the full cost of the drug.",1.000000
"lewis hamilton led the way in both practice sessions for sunday's chinese grand prix. hamilton suggested mercedes will be back in control for this race after ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in malaysia. many people expected another dominant mercedes campaign in the wake of last season's crushing success and thoroughly convincing win in the opening race in australia."," the fact that the new cars are not quite as fast, or as much as they could be has been the key to their success.",1.000000
"tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new nfl london franchise. the bold design of the new # 400million stadium, due to be completed for the start of the 2018-19 season, could involve a `slide-out 'grass football pitch with an nfl-style synthetic surface housed underneath. the option of extra-large changing rooms, to accommodate nfl squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game, is also being explored by architects."," the new ground would also have a capacity at a level equal to that of a major league club, which is expected to be at least £200m.",1.000000
"as jimmy anderson prepares to play his 100th test - needing only three wickets to equal ian botham's england-record haul of 383 - sportsmail's lawrence booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley, lancashire and england. england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday. anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england's top test wicket taker."," anderson has been a fixture at the centre of the England team since he joined the side in 2005.",1.000000
"garissa, kenya -lrb- cnn -rrb- kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with thursday's attack at garissa university college, interior minister joseph nkaissery said friday, according to cnn affiliate ntv. nkaissery told reporters the university will be able to confirm saturday if everyone has been accounted for. thursday's attack by al-shabaab militants killed 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel."," ""We have arrested the five individuals who were in connection with yesterday evening.",1.000000
"the idea of a device that constantly keeps an eye on your home and can tell you which electrical devices are running at any one time, may sound appealing when it comes to saving energy and money. now there's a device called neurio that claims to make any `ordinary home smart 'and even tells you when you've accidently left lights on. the $250 -lrb- # 168 -rrb- device recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines - allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone."," the device is also designed to monitor the health, fitness, and mood of its wearer, and can be used to monitor your health and fitness.",1.000000
"middlesbrough bounced back from defeat to watford with a convincing 2-0 win over struggling rotherham united. after losing by the same scoreline on easter monday, aitor karanka's kept their automatic promotion hopes alive with their 14th home win of the season thanks to second-half goals by lee tomlin and patrick bamford, who also missed a late penalty. but with the top three sides all winning, boro stayed fourth in the sky bet championship table.","            with a game on Thursday night, bryan ross was the man to beat in the second leg, but he could not find the goal which would have secured his side's survival.",1.000000
"head coach tony pulis insists west brom will relish their underdog tag as they start their nightmare run-in. the baggies host liverpool on saturday eight points above the barclays premier league relegation zone. they also face manchester united, chelsea and arsenal in their final five games, along with a trip to newcastle."," the baggies will have to be patient as they face a daunting fixture line-ups, with the home leg at home on the road on the weekend, plus a visit at home on the weekend.",1.000000
"banned: joseph getty was caught driving his range rover through belgrave square while drunk. a member of the ultra-wealthy getty family was today banned from driving after being caught behind the wheel of his range rover while double the legal drinking limit. joseph getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of # 1,000, which he paid immediately."," the court found the driver had been driving under the influence, but did not specify the amount, which is a legal limit in England and Wales, but the court said it was not a ""significant"" amount, and that it could have led to a more dangerous situation.",1.000000
"a new zealand racing presenter has become a viral sensation after his ecstatic celebration of racehorse's victory was caught on film. mongolian khan with new zealand jockey opie bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million australian derby, held in randwick on monday. watching the race on a trackside tv, bosson's agent adian rodley didn't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations."," ""I was sitting on the track watching it on the way up to the pit stop, and when he was about halfway down the straight he just started to celebrate,"" said manager adian.",1.000000
"chris smalling says manchester united have arsenal and chelsea in their sights following their resounding victory over champions manchester city. united are third, eight points behind leaders chelsea, who they face on saturday and play second placed arsenal in their penultimate league game. smalling scored united's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby demolition."," ""the team are very good, but we have the firepower,"" said the striker.",1.000000
