"frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. an unarmed man shot dead by police on live television on wednesday afternoon was a 41-year-old father of three who had another baby on the way. frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle."," a 41 of 33 (82%) voters in the state of america believe the police should always be on call and armed, while only 22% think they are under the same authority to make arrest and only 16% of americana believe the state should not use deadly force to defend itself.",2.758621
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq didn't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden, the influence of anwar al-awlaki, or the notoriety of adam gadahn. still, he was a big deal. that's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west, but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group."," In addition, there was an al Qaeda operative named Abu al-Khalid al Qahtaniai, also called Abu Musab Abu al-Khatib, or Abu Muhaysin al Qahtan, born in Yemen.",2.280000
"the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff."," hayes has also been linked to the former president, and was involved as the secretary of state's chief deputy, during her first term as secretary in 2006.",2.531250
"masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman, who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott, had to withdraw. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport."," he said he had been ""very disappointed in myself and my team for the last few days"", but added:  ""I'm happy with my team and I'm happy with the fact my race went well in a very difficult condition.",2.354167
"the couple that models designer clothes together stays together -- or at least that's what one new york-based duo hope, having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with fusion models. john tuite, 22, and carlos santolalla, 25, go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city's party scene. but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2, they say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves.","  ""we were always a bit of a mess.",2.545455
"an suv crossed a highway median and slammed into a home, killing a man and a woman who was nine months pregnant as they slept early wednesday, according to police. ivan carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30 am wednesday when the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the park's fence, killing the couple, police told the bradenton herald.","  ""It happened right in front the trailer and hit the trailer door, and then the car hit the trailer, the trailer went flying through a fence.",2.312500
"eugenie bouchard's run of poor form continued as the top seed was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by american lauren davis in the second round at the family circle cup in charleston on wednesday. davis, 21, had lost her only career meeting with bouchard, but was in control this time against the world no 7. davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke bouchard's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset."," I'm a fan and I can only speak for the fans here, as I have seen them lose many more matches with poor form.",2.821429
"the volkswagen westfalia camper is associated with the seventies, the summer of love and nature-loving hippies. now the iconic van is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a volkswagen board member revealed. no images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels."," the van could be a new model or even a new version of a popular brand, he added.",2.350000
"raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. but one critter ran into a spot of bother when he went on a romp around the urban jungle this week. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning."," his face was completely covered with black and the entire area was covered in a sticky brown slime that resembled human urine.",2.652174
"gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of real madrid's league game on saturday and will almost certainly miss the second leg of the champions league against atletico madrid on wednesday. one year and two days, after one of his greatest moments at real madrid when he ran half the length of the pitch to score the winner in the copa del rey final, bale broke down with a muscle pull against malaga. he will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours but the concern shown when he went down at the start of real's crucial league game suggested his chances of recovering inside three days are non-existent and that he could also face a race to be fit for the champions league semi-final on may 5-6."," he is unlikely to be fit for either game and will almost definitely be rested for the league game against kandilabras on saturday.",2.413793
"the josh meekings' saga took a new twist on friday when it emerged the sfa judicial panel had decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case. on thursday, the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny celtic striker leigh griffiths in last sunday's semi-final was thrown out. in the aftermath of the 3-2 extra-time win, meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded."," in the aftermath the sf chief executive of competition, Peter McClellan said: ""there are many cases where players have been sent home from a club because they have been involved in misconduct, but the decision to give meekies a retrospective ban means he will not have the chance of being reinstated and the club can be confident he has been treated fairly.",2.458333
"a newly-wed couple were taken on a romantic flight over the mediterranean which left airline enthusiasts baffled after the passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff. the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight.","  (photo: flightradars24) The air mglairi jet took off from a runway in Medellin and flew for over two hours, before it was finally forced into a turn.",2.536585
"stoke city have opened talks over a possible summer deal for evian flyer daniel wass. the 25-year-old denmark international is available for around # 3.5 million and has been watched by chelsea, liverpool and newcastle over the past year as they look for versatile full back options."," The club were reluctant to let daniel go but have now moved to discuss a new contract.",2.500000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the last time muhammadu buhari came to power in nigeria, it was by force. this time it was by the ballot box. here are five reasons why one of the most fiercely-contested elections in the country's history is so important."," 1) The election is shaping up to be the most important of our time: It's the first time in the history of this country that an African country won the presidency.",2.171429
"oil from a russian trawler which was towed out to sea to sink after catching fire in port is washing up on the beaches of gran canaria and threatening tourist spots across the canary islands. the russian vessel oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of viscous fuel oil, when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11. it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later."," The incident comes just days before it's scheduled to take on the name ""The Great White"" as part of its annual cruise, and is being investigated by the local police who say it is not yet a terrorist incident.",2.488889
"from awkwardly handing a beggar some change, to failing at eating a bacon sandwich, it is fair to say labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool. but now twitter users are attempting to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover, by editing his face on to famous men's bodies. from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford, to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv's latest heart-throb poldark, these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve.","  hollywood legends maron  hollywood celebrities -proudly sporting poldark face on the right, poldsark on the far side.",2.558824
"it is just 12 weeks since bold claims were emanating from an ultra-confident dundee united dressing room that this season could yield an unprecedented domestic treble. `i believe we can win all three trophies, 'trumpeted goalkeeper radoslaw cierzniak.` people might laugh at me but maybe in may we will have won the league and cups and i will be laughing."," `i know that there have been some doubts about our chances but the truth has come out and it is not about our players or our manager.",2.551724
"a photo of a relaxed and happy surfer seems all but a distant memory as that same man is now fighting for his life after being mauled by a great white shark. chris blowes, was viciously attacked by what has been described as a 'massive monster', about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park, when he was attacked at 9.45 am on saturday."," the shark was a very large blacktip shark and was believed by some to be an enormous killer shark.",2.380952
"tiger woods was genial. tiger woods was charm personified. tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world."," the only thing worse than tiger woods was the people.",2.818182
"ed miliband -lrb- pictured yesterday at the shree swaminarayan temple, north london -rrb- is pressing on with his controversial cap rents, despite warnings from experts that plans will backfire. labour's plans to impose rent controls are `economically illiterate 'and will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords, experts warned last night. ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts, business and even labour figures that they will backfire."," The Labour leader has insisted he will not abandon his controversial plans to cap rents, despite warnings to the media and even from the Government that the plan will damage the economy.",1.970588
"saudi arabia has been condemned for beheading an indonesian domestic worker who was `suffering from mental illness'. her home country's leadership is furious that siti zainab's family was not notified before her execution this morning - and summoned saudi arabia's ambassador to complain about her death. while amnesty international says her killing in the holy islamic city of media this morning` smacks of a basic lack of humanity '.","  sarabian authorities have said that she was executed at dawn today after the Indonesian judiciary refused to accept that she had been suffering mental illnesses.",2.419355
"under legal pressure, the obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to, from or within the united states. the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s."," government for a temporary waiver.",1.500000
"inter milan manager roberto mancini insists that reports xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are `completely made up '. the switzerland international joined the italians from bayern munich in january for a fee in the region of # 12million, signing a four-and-a-half year contract. the 23-year-old made a fine start to his inter career but has tailed off in recent weeks and has found himself dropped to the bench for the previous two serie a matches.","  inter's new head coach roberto mansini is adamant the player is not leaving the club this summer , but insists there is no deal in place at present.",2.205882
"owning a passport opens up a world of possibility and freedom for travellers - or so you would think. in some countries around the world, even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents, you are still restricted and barred from several countries. henley and partners created a visa restrictions index, which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results.","  travel freedom is a key indicator, but it also measures other factors as well, and it is worth knowing how these might affect your visa application.",2.709677
"women are undervaluing themselves and asking for less pay than they should -- widening the gender pay gap, it is claimed. research found that women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package. a study found women routinely ask for # 4,000 less for a typical job, but that this widens to up to # 10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy."," The researchers found the gap between men's asking price and their actual offer of work was wider than in many other countries, and it was even wider in the US, the UK, Australia and Canada, suggesting women are under valuing themselves.",2.265306
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifty years ago in frankfurt, german prosecutors tried 22 former nazi ss soldiers at auschwitz in what remains the most famous holocaust trial staged in germany. at the time, fritz bauer, the german-jewish attorney general of hessen, expressed the simple hope that ""sooner or later, one of the accused would step forward and say: `what took place -- it was horrific, i'm sorry. 'then the entire world would exhale, as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz, and the air would be cleared."," ""the trial began in early June 1945, and the trial lasted until August 1945, when Adolf Hitler's trial for crimes at Auschwitz-Birkenaus was concluded.",2.121212
"it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents, when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror, that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england."," seaman's goal was the only time he has scored a penalty in his whole club careers as they won 2-2 at the end.",2.392857
"manny pacquiao's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed. with the pair finalising their preparations for the fight at the mgm grand on may 2, top rank promoter arum told espn that the contracts have still not been finalised. tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale and arum claimed that the draft contract he received on april 15 was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mgm when the term sheet was signed a few months ago."," arum said that his contract was signed on May 4 and the contract was for 10 months, but since then the negotiations have been going very slowly with no agreement.",2.393939
"wayne rooney knows champions league qualification is manchester united's to lose, making this weekend's clash with aston villa all the more important. louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings as the season enters the closing stages, boasting a five-point cushion over the chasing pack after winning so impressively at liverpool before the international break. juan mata's brace earned united a deserved 2-1 triumph at anfield to give them a buffer over the reds, as well as fellow top-four contenders southampton and tottenham."," aldo is back in action as the home team, who have not lost a league game since September, take to the pitch at the weekend against huddersley.",2.314286
"washington, cleveland and houston all earned 2-0 leads in their nba first-round playoff series with victories on tuesday, continuing the previous day's pattern. all five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0, with the wizards, cavaliers and rockets joining monday's winners chicago and golden state with the early two-game buffer in the best-of-seven series. washington's 117-106 victory at toronto owed most to john wall, who had 26 points and 17 assists, and bradley beal, who scored 28 points."," toronto, however lost the second game in overtime to an injury-plagued torreyes, but won in regulation, 101-101.",2.200000
"jolyon palmer is determined to claim a place in formula one next year after being given the perfect opportunity by lotus to prove himself worthy. for the first time the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends. ordinarily in the past, lotus' reserve has been nothing more than a spare part, stood on the sidelines whilst the race drivers completed their tasks."," the new driver is keen to put his stamp of credibility on the team, and is willing to put his own name on a team that will have him in the driver's cockpit next season after a successful debut in the championship last year.",2.297872
"federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be `nwo stooges, 'the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the cia, fbi and dhs on the site pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts."," The site, which also includes other information, also offers a way of finding people in the government who may not have been aware that there was such a site, and is being monitored.",2.594595
"google claims to have cracked a problem that has flummoxed anyone who has tried to read a doctor's note - how to read anyone's handwriting. the firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts, and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send."," the tech giant is currently testing the software and says it has already helped a number of users write to loved-one, girlfriend, father, uncle and friend.",2.468750
"the # 135,000 was spent trapping and moving water voles from the somerset levels ahead of dredging. taxpayers have footed a # 135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles - at a cost of # 2,500 per animal - to allow dredging of the somerset levels. the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate, it was revealed today."," water voles are one of many species being destroyed by the dredging of the somerset, a major project in Somerset The # 135 million bill for the dredge has been revealed as the cost to the taxpayers for the # 1 billion project, which was originally estimated at a cost £1.",2.114754
"carlos tevez talks about being as free as a bird, back to the days when he was banging in the goals in argentina for boca juniors. a big hit on the famous steeped terracing at la bombonera as he followed in the footsteps of diego maradona, claudio cannigia and some of the other greats. here in turin he is worshipped at the juventus stadium, one of the idols in the shirt of the bianconeri with that fearless, wholehearted approach to the game."," this is his first interview with us, he talks about being a big star for bianconi, his time as the biancolere, playing with the legendary nicky, and the challenges and difficulties that came along with playing with the greatest.",2.647059
"defeated: napoleon -lrb- illustrated -rrb- lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815. guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a `triumphalist 'way -- to avoid upsetting the french. invitations to the service at st paul's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington's historic victory over napoleon in 1815."," guests who attend the party will be told that the occasion would be 'unusual'.",2.647059
"quarter of a century after his last number one, paul simon is back at the top of the charts. the 73-year-old - who rose to fame as part of simon & garfunkel - has forged ahead of more youthful musicians to reach number one in the uk album chart with the ultimate collection. his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran, james bay and sam smith."," he's also joined the likes of the late jenny mccartney, kate swan, jimmy gill, jessie davies and kenny gills on this list and is now just behind the likes and davies and jim's.",2.267857
"an arizona woman has pleaded guilty to hitting her husband with their suv because he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election. holly nicole solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would `face hardship 'because of barack obama's reelection. solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident, but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal."," she also admitted her husband daniel was a 'voting member of the American political process' and that she 'did not intend to hurt her or his feelings.'",2.212121
"terry richardson is both one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry. known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him. and this week he faced accusations from the model kate upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission."," but the truth behind these claims will only come into sharper focus when Terry's wife Kerry has a new book coming soon.",2.583333
"computers may soon be able to transmit the complexities of human personalities, the stanford professor who originally set up google's x laboratory has claimed. sebastian thrun, who founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. but he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities."," ""I think we will soon be able to transmit the complexities in your personalities and how they develop,"" Professor thrun told Wired in his first interview in more over a decade, in an interview which will appear in an upcoming edition.",2.239130
"she has just come out of the biggest scandal of her career when she made a racist comment about zendaya's hair style on fashion police. and now giuliana rancic is creating even more fuss as she has dishes on her ex-boyfriend jerry o'connell in her upcoming memoir going off script. on monday the 40-year-old e!"," star was speaking on fashion mag.",3.285714
"the party-loving girlfriend of footballer johnny manziel has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up on going out and enjoying herself now her boyfriend is out of rehab. manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night's texas rangers game. the pair appear to remain very much an item, but crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems."," it was reported that she refused to stop going to the games and has even posted photos of her on Instagram wearing a t-shirts bearing the phrase ""no more drinking"" and ""i want more"" and the caption ""i want more"".",2.333333
"defense attorneys released some of the training records saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in oklahoma. the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates, of tulsa, copied and kept for himself."," the attorney for his mother said she's not concerned with any possible retaliation by the sheriff and her son.",2.857143
"a father cheated death by just millimetres when his car ploughed into the back of a lorry - yet he walked away with just cuts and bruises. marcin wasniewski, 34, from foleshill, coventry, escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry. at the time, emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive."," the lorry driver, a 46 year old man called Paul, was seriously injured, with severe head injuries and internal bruising.",2.320000
"around one in 10 americans suffer from explosive anger management issues and has easy access to guns, a study has found. some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home."," the study, conducted by researchers at the University at Buffalo in New York State, surveyed 2 million Americans aged 18-29 and showed that the majority of the people who carried their guns outside the homes of family members or intimate associates said they did so in the past 12 months.",2.218182
"jailed: john coyne, 56, who ran a central london pub attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year. a pub landlord has been jailed for nine years for raping a man who fell asleep in his bar. john coyne, 56, who ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road, central london, attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year."," A pub landlord who ran a princely bar has gone on trial charged over rape of an intoxicated man who fell unconscious after a night out drinking.",2.103448
"timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. mcveigh also viewed himself as a `paul revere-type messenger 'and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government, according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney. the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas."," they also contain the transcript of the hearing where mcveighe's defense attorney presented evidence of the bombing and his testimony that the government was wrong, but that he could prove his point with the bomb.",2.634146
"a young english cricket fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great's response in the wake of his death. jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the `great man '.` wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies."," he was so excited when i was asked to bowl lefties in australian team and told me i needed to do it right away.",2.607143
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- until recently, if you sat in church on sunday mornings, pollsters could predict where you stood on same-sex marriage. what a difference a decade makes. in 2003, when the massachusetts supreme court became the country's first to legalize same-sex marriage, less than 30% of religiously affiliated americans supported gays' and lesbians' right to wed."," by 2012 that number was more akin to 60% or more and is expected rise further.",2.555556
"she may be a first daughter, but sarah obama is still a teenager and can't seem to tear herself away from her music - even for a rare family nature hike. sasha, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday. the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama and the first family had gone."," it was a rare outing for the press pool, which has been out of the press for most of their lives, but they did manage their usual daily duties, including interviewing the first family.",2.210526
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened. and her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. veteran journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday, her son, colin mackey, said."," mackey died at the age the author was 85.",1.909091
"a man driving to work in alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. that set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. a man contacted police friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near piedmont, calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade told wbrc-tv."," ""we were just looking around the corner at the house, and it was gone,"" said wbrco.",2.409091
"a woman who tipped the scales at almost 20st has shed nearly half her body weight after she was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight - because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her. sharon smith, 43, from halesowen, west midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat. today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday, when two years she would have struggled to walk half a mile, let alone run six.","  ""It was very upsetting and I couldn´ t sleep,"" the mum-of-two said of the flight, adding: ""My husband thought I'd died and I was so angry.",2.375000
"mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els, as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman, an american representative of the rank and file. last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows."," ""It was just a beautiful tournament, but I was just trying my hardest,"" spielen said after his first round on the tee, adding ""I'm not trying to show off.",2.578947
"researchers have completed the first comprehensive study of the microbes living on and in and uncontacted tribe from the amazon. they say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society. researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami."," the findings have been published by Nature journal.",2.555556
"manny pacquiao will be wearing the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2. the richest fight of all time, said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved, is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to tv rights and ticket sales. the pacman's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.","2m dollars and will be on show for at a minimum 30 minutes, with the money flowing from sponsors to fighters like joseph wilkins of bantamweight and joseph b.",2.384615
"mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night, when the opening show was interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the ellery show. as designer kym ellery made her way down the catwalk to take her bow, a furious man understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue at eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music. the local man was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway."," this was not enough to quell his rage and he was soon surrounded and chased by security and security guards.",2.227273
"president barack. obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. the two leaders, who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting, are both attending the summit of the americas in panama."," the two presidents are expected at this meeting to sign a joint declaration to declare al qaeda and al nida terrorist organisations.",2.200000
"a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days."," her husband is so grateful for sally's help, he will ride on her next wedding to pay her tribute - a stunning horse rescued a girl who died of thirst in a remote village in India  - A bride riding her horse to her wedding is making an unexpected discovery as she rides past the groom.",2.619048
"a teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence. on september 7, 2014, samantha giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, before she was abandoned. so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved."," ""I have been treated like a criminal.",2.444444
"one direction star niall horan has led the tributes to bbc broadcaster colin bloomfield who has died from skin cancer, aged just 33. bloomfield, who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and derby county commentator, died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning. fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the `perfect colleague 'and` consummate professional' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure."," blooper was born Colin in February 1994 in a small farming area on the edge of the north west, where his father, Jim, who was a farmer and farmer of local land and a local councilor was a member of Parliament.",2.510638
"a heavily pregnant jehovah's witness woman and her baby died after she was diagnosed with leukemia but refused a blood transfusion that would probably have saved both of their lives. the 28-year-old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy, and doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion. the sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later."," I don`t know why I`ve never read about this.",2.600000
"there are moments when falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of manchester united and it all comes flooding back. this could have been just the start. he made his name with porto, adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football."," he's also had time in the middle of some of football's most iconic teams, with a few memorable spells with liverpool and the bokeh of london.",2.441176
"mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities, according to a report in nation's restaurant news. but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand."," the company says that the fee for delivery in the United States is currently about $1.",1.944444
"a gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire. the driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday. the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside."," the car caught onfire and was totaled, but the occupants escaped unhooked in their white vehicle and drove off.",2.608696
"a high school teenager's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears. daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to his girlfriend, daniel had erected a series of signs along the road."," ,  , a highschool boy is having a difficult time with a problem his girlfriend, and his father, have both had.",2.750000
"channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show, saturday night live star michael che. `tomorrow, we'll chat to the star of the daily show and saturday night live, michael che, 'the promo promised -- although, in a cringeworthy gaffe, two of the three clips shown were of che's castmate, jay pharoah. che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne's international comedy festival."," The show also mistakenly showed a clip of the comedian talking about his upcoming comedy act, `the new guy'.",2.318182
"history's warning. england ended the day in a strong position, but it's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009. like thursday, england declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb-."," englands' first day in a row of wins.",2.636364
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- when al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa, kenya, on thursday, it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi.","  The terrorists have been carrying out a campaign to target all those who oppose al Qaeda's global terror network.",2.391304
"steve clarke admits his reading side require the `perfect 'performance to stand any chance of beating arsenal -- but concedes he has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career. reading have struggled in the championship this campaign whereas arsene wenger's side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday.` there's only the pressure that we put ourselves under to play the perfect game and make no mistakes,' said clarke."," `I have never felt like we have done anything but we haven`t been able to achieve what we want to achieve, and it's a shame we`ve got the results we`ve had in this league, but we have to keep trying if we are going for the title, and that is to make sure we keep trying to win games.'",2.338028
"david villa seems to be enjoying his recent move across the pond to the mls, as the new york city captain visits the sight's of his new home. the former barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in america, scoring once and helping his side to third place in the eastern conference. posting the picture on his instagram, villa said: `beautiful empire state building!","`  the picture also includes an interesting message from the old man himself: `the best part is that i have the privilege to be a member of a team that is going to win the league, but also have the pleasure to play against some amazing teams!",2.301887
"a new orleans couple bought a ramshackle historic cottage, moved it across the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home's original floor plan. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating."," they installed a new front door in the back and installed a brand-New, state-certificated kitchen with granite counters, a full bath with granite counters, and an old wood fire pit and firewood pile with a fireplace and chimney.",2.600000
"a muslim cleric has issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel, as he denounces the idea of marital rape as `made up by european people '. perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria claims that, according to the prophet mohammed, a wife can only refuse her husband sex if she is menstruating, sick or just given birth. her right to say no, he asserted, was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband."," The mufta, which has since attracted widespread condemnation across Indonesia, says: 'the husband can refuse intercourse even if he has been given the right to do it, but the wife is not allowed to give consent to it unless she is menstruated or has just given birth.'",2.245614
"irbil, iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis claimed it controlled part of iraq's largest oil refinery sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday. by sunday, isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control."," the attack on the baiji oil refinery took place just before midnight, a day earlier than earlier reported by the group.",2.120000
"kicked out: elizabeth sedway, 51, says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. a married mother of two battling cancer has been ejected from an alaska airlines flight from hawaii to california along with her family because she lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. elizabeth sedway, 51, from granite hill, california, posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane."," elizabeth has had cancer since age 11 and was treated with chemotherapy.",2.428571
"twelve months ago, liverpool were a free-flowing, potent attacking force with the ss -lrb- luis suarez and daniel sturridge -rrb- firing on all cylinders - the pair would eventually end up scoring 52 of liverpool's 101 goals in the premier league.this season, however, the goals have dried up. replacing suarez was always going to be a near-impossible task, but liverpool fans would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was there to collectively make up for the uruguayan's absence."," the result of last week's match against the japanes is proof.",2.933333
"attention is already turning to next season at liverpool after their fa cup semi-final exit at the hands of aston villa. unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six premier league games of the season, liverpool will also miss out on champions league qualification after only a season back in europe's elite club competition. brendan rodgers undoubtedly needs to reinforce his squad, and sportsmail assesses liverpool's chances of landing five of their main targets."," LIVERMORE Liam Brady is not a particularly gifted midfielder, and he is far more of an attacking player than most.",2.444444
"gibraltar could be the new home of britain's nuclear submarines if the snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident. moving the nation's nuclear deterrent to the british territory could cost # 3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported. the snp want to eject trident from scotland, but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde."," if the snps succeed in this they will be able to continue to operate their submarine base.",2.000000
"-lrb- billboard -rrb- the key to rock's longevity is it never defines itself into irrelevance. so while there were some loud, dirty guitars at the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night, there was as much recognition for rock's antecedents in soul and blues, speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that's beyond words. it's easy to talk of such spirit when paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr, and yoko ono is on hand as well."," but it's hard not to wonder if there's something else to be gained from seeing the legacy that was made in rock's early days, and that's not just a question of what's going to happen next year.",2.295455
"jailed: jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook after targeting businesses across greater manchester. a 24-year-old man who carried out a series of raids on petrol stations and convenience stores has been jailed after boasting about his crimes on facebook. jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on the social networking site after targeting businesses across greater manchester."," He had previously been jailed for stealing money from a bank, stealing drugs from two convenience stores in north manchester in 2010 and possessing stolen goods from a gas and convenience shop in north manfordshire in 2011.",2.190476
"ed balls has been accused of treating the public with `contempt 'after dismissing as a` joke' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010, was just a `jokey note '. mr byrne's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated:` dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money."," the government has not been able to generate any of it .",2.583333
"supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago, but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self. the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot, which she shared monday on her instagram account. `boogie boarding with my baby, 'she captioned the image.","  super models maggie roberts and jessicak gillespie were just as happy to be back to their youthful selves, with both sharing a close up shot with a baby.",2.275000
"supporters arriving at anfield ahead of monday's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle will have noticed some considerable changes in the area. the club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way, and the latest look at anfield shows that builders are pressing ahead with the task of expanding the main stand. pictures from monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the main stand now taller than the existing structure."," the new addition is currently being erected, and a number of the old structures are being moved into place for use as part in its construction, which is expected to begin in early 2018.",2.432432
"chelsea welcome manchester united on saturday tea-time with the stakes sky-high for the premier league rivals. for jose mourinho's men it is about seeing home a title bid which, in recent matches, has had to rely on one or two last-gasp interventions. louis van gaal's united, meanwhile, have hit top gear and it appears that all roads lead to the champions league."," they have not conceded a goal for almost an hour of the game and their defence, as good as ever, has kept Manchester City at bay for much the time.",2.393939
"a couple died in an apparent murder suicide after they got into a violent confrontation which turned deadly inside a home in oklahoma. preston wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, sarah owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman. eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 madra street when the argument escalated."," the argument escalated and a fight ensued.",1.875000
"when melbourne mother-of-two, kady marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel, the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away. it was a sunny saturday afternoon at the manly wharf hotel. kady was in town for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family."," a couple of her friends were taking the baby for an insemination session in the hotel room, when she noticed that the hotel staff had started putting her breast away.",2.294118
"arrest: timothy rogalski allegedly repeatedly called sandy hook elementary school on tuesday. a man has been arrested for repeatedly calling sandy hook elementary school and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre. timothy rogalski, from wallingford, connecticut, called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone."," a man has been arrested for multiple counts of disorderly conduct and harassment.",1.714286
"a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle `the highest rate of inbreeding in the world '. the episode of an hour with ruta, which aired on independent tv channel lnk last week, claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen the nordic country's` genetic material.' an introduction to the chat show argued that norway's child protection service -lrb- barnevernet -rrb- argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a `sought-after commodity '."," the programme argued: 'the children were often taken away from their parents to strengthen Norway's gene pool and strengthen the Norwegian nation as the most successful nation to ever exist.'",2.382353
"a fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis -lrb- cf -rrb- is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition, which has no known cure. ian pettigrew, 46, from ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. after someone noted that the collection of photos was `turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ', he became inspired to start his second project, salty girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system.","  his first photo, which was shot at a hospital and was taken in a hospital, was taken in an outdoor setting on his farm with no windows and no lighting.",2.485714
"around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. those who can afford it can turn to london's famous private medical haven harley street, where dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional chinese medicine. now she's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic, which she opened in 1996, to reveal the secrets of her success."," in a clinic with a capacity of about 20 people it's not uncommon, she explains, that couples wait for months to find a donor or wait weeks to conceive, sometimes for months or even years.",2.500000
"it was the moment a man, hands open in peace, stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage. a striking picture, taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe, captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the `islamisation 'of australia. the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia, an anti-islam group, organised protests at major cities across australia, which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations."," the images capture the clash between the two sides, with protesters in a white hood, chanting `we do, we are the white people' and waving a swastiki.",2.382353
"more than a third of gps are considering retirement in the next five years, a survey shows. another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including canada and australia, where the pay is higher and workload less stressful. a poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether."," a recent survey from insurance company Avaaz showed that almost one in three doctors is considering retirement and another one in ten is contemplating taking a break from work.",2.218750
"aston villa match-winner fabian delph was left pinching himself after booking his side's place in the fa cup final at the expense of liverpool. villa skipper delph set up christian benteke's equaliser after philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds and then rounded off a superb afternoon by sweeping home nine minutes into the second half to secure a 2-1 victory. delph's strike means that tim sherwood's charges will return to wembley to face holders arsenal in next month's showpiece and the former leeds midfielder says it will be a dream come true."," ""It's going to be an exciting game but this is a dream match for us,"" delph said in the postmatch press conference following his side't match.",2.121212
"whether he is in a car park, a factory or even a field, ed miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.","  ""i don't think the Labour leader is a statesman, he is a leader,"" he added.",2.173913
"danny lennon's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday. the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of 2016. paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned on march 7.","  scotts boss lennON will be named interim skipper until the summer of 2015.",1.952381
"a man has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired police officer. anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last june near resorts world casino in the queens section of new york city when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes. he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the new york police department named robert muller."," the driver of that retired cop then tried to ram the retired cop's car and kill him, so the retired officer jumped back into it to try and save her, but the driver, who had already driven away from the accident by the time her car came to rest, was gone by the same moment.",2.442623
"expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. but the little boy, malachi, had other ideas. she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time."," she was in shock, but she was going to make sure it wasn't just the contracture that was making this baby's life miserable.",2.321429
"multiple ghosts supposedly inhabit an expensive new york city apartment building, which recently added academy award-nominated actress jessica chastain to its list of occupants. two residents from the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan told the new york post of their experiences with spirits in the building. chastain and her boyfriend, gian luca passi de preposulo, spent $5.","6,600 for a three-day visit to the new yorks pentagon apartment.",2.666667
"men do almost twice the amount of housework after they retire - but they are still doing far less than their wives, according to new research. the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired."," women on the other side of the retirement age do far better with their work.",2.562500
"successive last-gasp victories have reignited struggling leicester city's premier league survival bid and manager nigel pearson said his side's fate is back in their own hands. late goals from robert huth and jamie vardy sealed a dramatic 3-2 victory against west bromwich albion on saturday, a week after andy king's late goal secured a 2-1 win against west ham united. the foxes had look buried two weeks ago, seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place, but are now just three points behind hull city, the side immediately above the relegation trapdoor."," the home side have only lost once this season - in the derby defeat at home to west ham - while their last three league fixtures - against boston city at home, london, west hams.",2.536585
"it marks the moment when the civilised world entered the dark ages and some of the most spectacular societies in the world disappeared. now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse. he claims they were hit by a `perfect storm 'of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the ancient egyptians, the babylonians, minoans and mycenians unable to cope.","  this is a book which is sure to change the way you view the world.",1.944444
"she was among the first britons to join the terrorists of islamic state and regularly takes to twitter to issue violent threats, including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a westerner. but despite all that, khadijah dare's heartbroken mother victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life. mrs dare, from lewisham in south london, also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college."," her interview with the magazin, which was first published online on Wednesday night, reveals that the young girl has been a staunch atheist since she began attending a school for girls in north london.",2.100000
"bryony hibbert -lrb- pictured -rrb-, 25, the girlfriend of the footballer caught having drunken sex in the dugout, has slammed those responsible for the clip. this is the first picture of the girlfriend of the semi-professional footballer caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout after his team's 4-1 defeat. striker jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs."," he was then spotted by fans on the pitch and later told of the encounter.",2.625000
"andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast - and under-pressure test captain alastair cook. the blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format, with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part. cook, however, is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue test century - to add to his record 25 - brought him two more failures at the top of the order in the opening match of england's series in the west indies."," in an effort at keeping pace with the rest of wales he has scored only one fifty-plus - his only score of over 20 against the englands at the time - and has been dropped for the next two matches.",2.444444
"a u.s. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal.","  Mr Pugh told Dailymail Australia he was ""very thankful"" that the man, who is in the Army now, has reached him.",2.600000
"the executions of bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran is `only a matter of time ', indonesian president joko widodo has confirmed. chan and sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals."," jk, chan, and sushma are set to be put to rest by joko on Tuesday.",2.565217
"an adorable orphaned wombat has found herself a new friend - and a very prickly pillow. chloe the wombat, who first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last december, has found herself a new buddy at taronga zoo's grounds in sydney after she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas. in an adorable video uploaded to instagram by taronga zoo, chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas."," the pair of cute creatures are seen hugging and holding hands as they sleep, but after a few moments chlue has to make her move to get some more sleep.",2.323529
"a chilean artist has been jailed after dyeing a famous hot spring in iceland pink with food colouring. marco evaristti, the south american artist who is based in copenhagen, poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir, found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik, at dawn. when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result."," the hot spring was a favourite destination with visitors for years.",2.416667
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ""real housewives of beverly hills"" star and former child actress kim richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested thursday morning. richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m."," I'm a little bit scared, but I can take care of it if it's not a big deal I don't have the right to fight back -rr- cnn- rr- ""r-r-real Housewife"" star kim is charged for allegedly stomping on a police vehicle while on her way out of the beVERLYHUNT Hotel early Thursday morning.",2.341463
"rarely-seen photos of captain robert scott's expedition to the south pole and an american civil war flag are among the items expected to fetch tens of thousands of pounds at a unique auction in london later this month. more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects -- with estimated values of # 500 to # 30,000 -- will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at christie's south kensington. filled with historic artefacts, pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners' travels, the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust."," a total value for the items, which are all worth over 100, will be announced in due time.",2.380952
"forget the must-have wine cellar, hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. many of the super-rich are having them built -- complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders, eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems, massive screens and even cocktail bars and popcorn-makers. celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch, retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich."," some are as extravagant as they are luxurious.",2.444444
"loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general, becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official."," her swearing in was held at a military base in tampa, Florida.",1.800000
"a woman has received the shocking news that the man she's known as her father for 23 years is not actually her biological parent. sarah's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test. the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil, who appeared with her on the itv show, was not in fact her real father."," she says it was all part of some bigoted ploy to get her to sign a document saying the only thing they are related by blood is the baby.",2.645161
"toby perkins, deputy chairman of the labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just # 4 per day for 12-hour shifts. labour has been accused of `utter hypocrisy 'after it was revealed interns working for one of their election chiefs are paid just # 4 per day while the party claims to champion the low paid. an email sent by toby perkins, who is deputy chairman of the labour election campaign as well as mp for chesterfield, revealed that interns are paid just # 25 per week for working 12-hour days."," Labour says this amounts only to a small fraction - about 0.",2.615385
"a former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him, a court has heard. hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence. this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal."," the former immigration consultant sought to lure women to their homes, a court has heard.",2.058824
"a counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in # 10million by selling fake viagra while pretending to be a fishing tackle business. judge charles wide qc described it as a `highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise 'which risked the health of members of the public, as he sentenced the gang at the old bailey. the uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.","  'the drug dealers, who operated from an anonymous IP range in east London, sold the pills on sites like Amazon, eBay and Ebays.",2.483871
"a furious landowner was forced to fork out thousands of pounds to restore a public path to one of britain's most popular beauty spots. james weld stumped up # 15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with natural england over who was responsible for the coastal path down to the beach at durdle door on dorset's jurassic coast. the previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012."," it is now hoped that with the help of local residents the public path could be restored to its original appearance, allowing visitors a better, quieter experience.",2.766667
"the story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10. pictured: the monarch's illustrations to go with the book which is to be published in june. a children's story written by queen victoria when she was just 10 years old is to be published for the first time."," the book will include illustrations from a new children-only series, ""the monarch"".",2.941176
"queensland amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee, who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride. zoe dennise prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year, according to gold coast bulletin. however she was allegedly injured on may 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.","  zoom  jane garrigan said she was working as a security guard at the amusement attraction when the injuries occurred.",2.142857
"a long island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle, a relative said. iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts."," their parents, John and Nancy Costello have been missing for almost 3 Weeks.",2.312500
"david cameron will today warn english voters the snp's new powers could impact their lives. david cameron will today risk infuriating the snp by vowing to conduct an annual review of the fairness of the scottish government's policies on the rest of the uk. a conservative government would create a new principle to ensure decisions by holyrood do not have an `unforeseen detrimental effect 'for people south of the border, he will say."," david cameron, chief secretary, the Privy Council Office said he will make the announcement at the start of today's Holyrood election campaign.",2.033333
"russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory while montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban following the abandonment of a fraught euro 2016 qualifier in podgorica. uefa has ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those matches suspended for two years - while fining the nation # 36,280. during the game, which took place on march 27, russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare."," A statement issued by uefahrt said that ""the referee has been informed of the match, and he must immediately review the situation"".",2.413793
"ed miliband, pictured arriving in manchester ahead of the manifesto launch, will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election. ed miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election. in a last-ditch attempt to steal the tories' mantle as the party of economic responsibility, he will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in a `time of scarcity '."," This is a stunning turn of fortune for miliband, who was born in south west England but raised on a farm and has no formal education and no experience of working in the workplace.",2.263158
"comedian sarah silverman was forced to apologize after she was caught exaggerating a story about being paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap. the comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart, for a piece she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for levo league. but silverman has been forced to apologize after new york comedy club owner al martin revealed the story was false, because silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything - her male counterpart todd barry was booked for the slot."," silvermiller was caught up in a row with a male comedy fan after she claimed she received a ""small amount,"" which the comic described as ""about half a penny"" for her appearance on the show - and later admitted it was a ""miscommunication"" and apologised for her ""misinterpretation.""",2.491803
"mike whitehead was standing against labour's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire. nigel farage today insisted the tories had suffered a `hammer blow 'after a former parliamentary candidate defected to ukip - only for it later to emerge that he had already been sacked from the party last week. mike whitehead, who was standing against labour's alan johnson for the tories in hull, claimed he was joining ukip after becoming` disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area."," he said he had no interest in joining ukip - only to learn that it would not take his advice and had instead decided on ukelectoralists.",2.606061
"a mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from london heathrow to oman, after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe. the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full. however, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out."," the brawl was caught on video.",2.285714
"sophie english was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family. there has been very little information to help ms english find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up and for more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage. she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc's foreign correspondent reporter sally sara who travelled with her to vietnam in search of answers."," sly is joined now in their quest as they attempt the impossible to understand why this baby, so young, has come to represent a very important chapter in the life of the family.",2.891892
"concerns have been raised over a program which allows school students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate - and is only being offered to pupils at a prestigious sydney private school. tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college, one of sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000. the university of sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot's college, fairfax media reported, stirring fears among student groups and university staff that the program allows parents to `buy 'their sons entry to the sandstone university."," 'The program is being introduced at the private schools to provide students the ability to enter university without attending the course for which the degree is issued,' a university spokesman told Fairfax Media on Friday night.""",2.410256
"football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned. a british schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in lanzarote. football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an `accidental drowning '.","  He was found in the pool by a pool worker at a costar beach in Costar de la Plata in the southern Spanish resort of La Plata.",2.117647
"what's more exciting than meeting your idol? meeting your idol in a starbucks, while wearing a shirt with their name on it, and having your picture uploaded to their instagram account. one little boy was lucky enough to meet justin verlander, pitcher for the detroit tigers, under those same, once-in-a-lifetime, circumstances."," one day, while walking down the stairs with his mom to go grab some milk, he met his hero.",2.500000
"a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago. richard rogers, a hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii, aka liholiho, the second king of hawaii. `we found gold, silver, hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world, high - and low-end european stuff."," it is amazing what they found.",2.571429
"britain faces a `coalition of chaos' under ed miliband and nicola sturgeon, david cameron warned today. the prime minister, who travelled to glasgow this morning to unveil the tory party's scottish manifesto, accused the snp and labour of posing a` clear and present danger 'to britain. he said the two parties were pretending to `slug it out' ahead of next month's poll -- but insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of the deficit."," 'they want to spend billions more on their own party than we are.",2.733333
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change, refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point. after the event at washington's howard university on tuesday, obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview. i asked him about the science behind climate change and public health and the message he wants the average american to take away, as well as how enforceable his action plan is."," the following is an edited transcription.",2.142857
"julie walter, 49, who has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly residents in sheltered housing out of money. a woman has been branded a `menace to the community 'after she posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. julie walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash."," the woman, who was born on December 19, 1980, is now in police cells at a women's prison in the UK  juliedwalters.",2.363636
"a devastated couple has launched a desperate search for their beloved pet cat after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york. felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport. the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, joseph naaman, who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly -- apparently while being transferred from the plane -- that felix was able to get out and run away."," stewart is currently in intensive medical treatment at st.",3.000000
"two armed robbers have been caught on camera using a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop. the raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises, and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike. a passer-by captured photographs of the two criminals, and police have now appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders."," the thieves, aged in our age range, are understood to be aged between 25 and 30.",1.947368
"-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- geoffrey lewis, a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator clint eastwood as his pal orville boggs in ""every which way but loose"" and its sequel, has died. he was 79. lewis, the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis, died tuesday, family friend michael henderson said."," lewis was born on May 27, 1928, in Chicago and had worked on many of the film's early stages.",2.160000
"hollywood producer and studio executive harvey weinstein will not face criminal charges despite the groping allegations made against him by a former miss italy finalist. italian model ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein groped her during a `business meeting 'at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27. battilana claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt."," The actress, who has appeared in movies such as ""The Wolf of Winter,"" ""The Princess Bride.""",2.000000
"sofia vergara's ex-fiancé has hit out at the modern family star, claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together. 'i have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth,' businessman nick loeb, said in a statement. 'i created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction, because i have always dreamed of being a father."," it's not right and i hope that i can stop this now, and that they will grow into beautiful children who will love each and every moment of this journey.",2.393939
"the tories are inching ahead of labour as nigel farage starts to peel off ed miliband's supporters. and english voters are so alarmed by the prospect of being ruled by nicola sturgeon with miliband in her pocket that they would prefer to get rid of her -- and scotland -- by giving the country independence after all. these are among the remarkable findings of a survation poll for the mail on sunday which illustrates growing fears about the result of the most closely fought election for decades."," the findings reveal that the majority of voters are still not convinced of the superiority of the two main leaders.",2.238095
"`exploited by criminals': gambian footballer baboucarr ceesay -lrb- above -rrb- was among the 900 migrants who died in the mediterranean boat disaster, his british aunt has revealed. a british woman has revealed how her nephew was among the 900 migrants who drowned in the mediterranean boat disaster. baboucarr ceesay, a talented footballer from the gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a` desperate 'attempt to seek a new life in the uk."," `exploited by criminal gangs', her aunt has revealed.",1.846154
"midsomer murders is to have its first regular asian character in its 18th series, four years after the drama's producer said the programme `wouldn't work 'with ethnic minority characters. manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama. although there have been asian actors in cameo parts, this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor."," the first asian actor in the show was actor jhumpahe, in the episode `Dhoom'.",2.166667
"newport county have sacked chris zebroski after the striker was jailed for four years and four months for robbery, attempted robbery and assault. the 28-year-old played for the league two side as recently as tuesday but now faces an uncertain future in football after admitting four charges relating to two incidents at swindon crown court. in the first instance, the court heard the former cheltenham, bristol rovers and millwall player crashed his bmw into a taxi in december and attacked another driver who attempted to film him, smashing his mobile phone."," he was later arrested and bailed on bail conditions.",2.400000
"in february of this year, bride-to-be adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years, david elliot. little did she know she would never get the chance to wear it, despite already paying for half. the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown, she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life."," adele mckenna and david elliot have a daughter together, and the bride has been planning to marry her daughter for almost three months.",2.172414
"jose mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending. arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend, just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea's victory at liverpool, last year. `it's not easy, not easy, 'said mourinho."," `it is a lot more complicated than the team that won against us.'",2.600000
"some find them unnerving and even slightly creepy while, to others, they are endearing, mysterious and charming. whatever your view, one thing's for certain: when it comes to twins, particularly identical ones, they are an endless source of fascination. yet, despite all this interest, the rest of us remain baffled, emotionally and scientifically, by the uncanny bonds identical twins share."," The story of the mysterious, and mysterious and yet strangely intimate, pair that share a womb and a brain is as fascinating and mysterious today as ever.",2.645161
"tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace once premier league safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again. pulis said west brom has `gone off the rails' in recent seasons and needs fundamental improvements to get back on track. west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season before finishing 17th."," pulis added that the club had received a huge amount in the summer transfer window and that he hoped the board could bring stability to west brom.",2.233333
"gps are the gateway to nhs care -- nine out of 10 times, the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp. yet access to gps has become a major policy and political issue. the crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead."," this article attempts, with limited evidence to support this claim and a little imagination, a way to explain why gps has been so important to our health care system, and how it has been so hard to get gp.",2.272727
"as charlotte cosby showed off her super-slim figure in a new instagram photo, many of her fans balked at her now tiny frame. for the geordie shore star, who has lost has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the past year, is looking thinner than ever. in fact, she is looking so thin, that some have questioned whether the 24-year-old actress has taken things too far."," ""as charlotte was showing off her new slim figure on the instagram, many of her followers balked at it,"" one of her friends wrote.",2.031250
"a florida bus passenger was arrested for throwing a snickers bar at the driver's head after threatening him and being disruptive during the ride, according to police. joel parker, 33, was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar. when the driver declined the offering, parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said.","  ""It was not intended for the driver to react negatively to the offer but was intended for him,"" said a police statement from St.",2.413793
"a montana judge who was censured by the state's high court for his comments about a 14-year-old rape victim has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association. yellowstone area bar association president jessica fehr said thursday that former state district judge g. todd baugh of billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors."," baugher, a member of Baugh County's Bar Council, said his association had been inundated with phone calls over the past week seeking comment on the award.",2.058824
"the militant unite union was facing embarrassment last night over claims it `sacked 'an activist for complaining about being hired on a zero-hours contract. former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite, after a tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. the employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts, which it says amount to` exploitation'."," the ruling came as it emerged that the union is planning an all round offensive in the coming weeks against the employment practices of many employers, including the employers of its own members.",2.171429
"exhausted, scared and undoubtedly hungry, eleven-year-old luke shambrook was sitting alone on a hillside at the moment rescuers in an increasingly desperate search finally reached him after five days. as a police helicopter hovered overhead guiding searchers to the spot and capturing dramatic video, luke, who suffers autism, peered out from behind trees in the fraser national park north-east of melbourne. the amazing video shows the moment a uniformed police officer reaches the boy first and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe, before other rescuers join the scene, with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boys shoulders."," luke has spent the past six days in hospital, where doctors are treating him for dehydration and exhaustion caused by the intense search for his missing sister – a condition that can cause seizures.",2.297297
"loneliness is often associated with elderly people who may have lost their partner or feel isolated because they're less mobile. but a new report released today reveals that it is in fact younger people who feel more lonely than older generations - despite being more connected to their friends online. the survey, funded by the big lottery, found that more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.","  ""There's no doubt that the online age has made it increasingly difficult and isolising for many young Britons,"" said Professor Mark McCallum, director general of the Royal College for Social Justice, who carried through the project.",2.260870
"shhh! don't make a sound. this dog is lost in deep concentration."," he is trying to find the right answer, but the answer is too loud.",2.062500
"a new york judge has granted two chimpanzees held at a research lab the same rights as human prisoners, after a two year legal battle by an animal rights organization. the two primates, currently living in a lab at stony brook university, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus, allowing their detention to be challenged. a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are `unlawfully detained."," the university has already agreed to pay a $100,00 fine for failing to comply with the court's order to release all of these animals into the wild.",1.968750
"rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the scottish football association after admitting the previous board breached `dual ownership 'rules by allowing newcastle chief mike ashley into ibrox. the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox."," it emerged in July that hampdene were prepared to sell their stake to ashleys.",2.789474
"a loving boyfriend has granted his girlfriend her birthday wish of having their wedding photographs taken - even though they can't officially get married yet because she is bedridden in hospital. guo kai and girlfriend dong hui, who turned 22 on monday, had been planning to get married this month in sichuan in southwest china. but dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital, meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed, reported the people's daily online."," guo is now in intensive care at hospital with severe complications and is in the process of receiving treatment, while dang has been kept in intensive treatment, and is also being cared for by hospital doctors.",2.341463
"while sunseekers across britain have been making the most of the clear skies recently to soak up some sunshine, the lack of clouds has also proved a bonus for stargazers in scotland hoping to catch sight of shooting stars. this incredible image was captured above pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday as photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower. the annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere, and is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour."," the meteors will pass across the UK at a speed around 30-60 miles an hour, and the meteori will be seen for around 15-30 minutes.",2.181818
"energy drinks like red bull are causing children to behave badly, a teaching union has claimed. pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed. chris keates, general secretary of the nasuwt, likened the caffeinated refreshments to `readily available legal highs'."," He also suggested a crackdown would be in place if they were found in school.",2.937500
"a pakistani supermodel has been charged with money laundering offences after she was caught carrying over half a million dollars in islamabad airport. 21-year-old ayyan ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - was jailed after a staggering amount of money was discovered in her carry-on bag, the guardian reports. she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 - and has been in a rawalpindi prison since."," she had also failed to declare more than $1,200 in cash in her name and was ordered detained for 30 hours.",2.360000
"brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon, previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling. the young england star has moved a step closer to an anfield exit after revealing in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. sterling, 20, has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is `flattered 'by interest from arsenal."," the striker is still in negotiations with the club over a new contract but is understood not to be close to an exit date as of yet, the former Arsenal forward has revealed that he would not sign a contract extension until he had been offered £50,001- a-year to play on for them again after the season ended.",2.500000
"rangers boss stuart mccall says he is already working on a dossier of signing targets for next season - even though he may not be around to parade them. the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their faltering promotion bid. so far, everything is going to plan with gers second in the scottish championship table and destined for a semi-final play-off slot."," but he still has no concrete ideas on how many players he will sign for.",2.562500
"she costs taxpayers more than # 39,000 a year in benefits. and now cheryl prudham, a pregnant mother of 11, is blowing some of that cash on a # 10,000 trip to las vegas, it was reported yesterday. the 33-year-old is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with her husband robert, 30, during the `no expense spared 'jaunt."," a source told The Sun, the couple are 'not even planning a reception.",2.562500
"rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic: on pages 16 and 17 of the united review, next to a picture of ander herrera, screamed the words `right place, right time '. that hasn't always been the case during the spaniard's debut season at old trafford. between october 20 and february 17, herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period, prompting much chatter about his place in the squad."," the same day, however, a photo of a man who has since become a fixture on a number one shirt appeared in journos and sports magazines, with the words `herrera's not here' and the image of him in a blue shirt, shirt tucked into jeans and shorts, standing on the touch paper, in front of a picture of him in the stands at the ground that is now called Stamford Bridge in june.",2.367816
"a quadriplegic, former indy racing league driver got a chance to drive on the long beach grand prix road course track sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray. when sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again, according to espn. although he defied the odds last spring, driving on the indianapolis motor speedway, schmidt conquered a trickier task sunday: navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in long beach."," ""the challenge was a lot bigger for me this time,"" said the driver, whose name has not yet been reported due to confidentiality provisions, according to espn.",2.454545
"aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their fa cup quarter-final matches. it is alleged that villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs' sixth-round victories against west brom and bradford respectively. both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge."," , a member of the FA's executive board and a member the FA Council of Directors.",2.315789
"a married couple who each follow different religions came up with an unusual approach to raising their children - bringing up each of them in a separate faith. diane greenberg, a devout catholic, and her husband bob, who is jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. diane took charge of her daughter, katie, 24; while bob took the reins teaching steven, 21, as they grew up in new hope, pennsylvania.","             diane and her wife, bob greenberg, were raising steven in a catholic church, where they were taught about the importance and value that a good life should place on a family.",2.142857
"arrested: arnold quintero from san antonio, texas. a man has been arrested after a 13-year-old girl was imprisoned, beaten, sexually assaulted and burned with a lighter in america. arnold quintero, 21, from san antonio, texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker."," The attack happened on April 13 at her home on a residential street.",2.571429
"paris st germain coach laurent blanc accepts his side face an almost impossible mission trying to turn around their champions league quarter-final against barcelona at the camp nou on tuesday. the ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant barca led by a lethal luis suarez who grabbed a brace in the 3-1 defeat. they have zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti back from suspension for the second leg but thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured and david luiz is also a fitness doubt."," thomas van de Woude will lead them in midfield while a number of other injuries have hampered the side.",2.434783
"they played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance, these really are dark days for newcastle united. still, at least they returned a club record profit of # 18.7 million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes.","  the last couple years, newcastle have been on an incredible journey to becoming the biggest club in the north west, but they are in serious trouble now, they are the lowest rated team on the league table and are in dire straighter times, the last thing they want, are to have relegation and a relegation battle.",2.454545
"sue sim came to national prominence five years ago when she led the northumbria police manhunt for killer raoul moat. a chief constable facing a bullying probe for her alleged alex ferguson-style `hair dryer treatment 'of colleagues is to retire with full pension after 30 years of service. sue sim, who came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt, said she was` sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family."," her husband, who has worked with Sue for 25 years, said he was relieved she had decided not go to jail.",2.166667
"albert park - australian grand prix. sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai arrived with a bang in formula one and while races in recent seasons haven't quite had the same excitement seen during its early years, there is enough substance for it to be an intriguing watch on race day.","  With its new and improved technology and a number of teams that have been pushing to develop a better understanding of the technology and its potential, we are seeing some of Formula 1 at its best and it's a shame that the sport has been slow-walking the arrival of these developments, especially for the fans.",2.365079
"a crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets. barry selby, 54, who lives with his dog in poole, dorset, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery, which appears to be a profile of a human skull. the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet."," barrie has spent more hours watching YouTube videos of people eating the snack than eating anything in real Life.",2.761905
"many animals mimic human traits and vice versa but this puppy takes the biscuit. leia, an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep."," leia also seems happy to be a baby, jumping on baby's lap and holding her head and neck in her hands, before her mother, a six-month old, takes the pacified puppy for an early morning stroll through her yard.",2.306122
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in haiti in 2010, a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7.","4 magnitude quake which killed over 1,000 people in Haiti in 2009 and left a million homeless in 2011.-",2.181818
"all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent, sinister force in british politics. out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in south wales, the trade union firebrand's manner was as warm as the weather. `didn't you once call me a slab-faced marxist?","', the Labour leader asked the audience.",2.250000
"a bosnian town, home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction. officials in buzim, north west bosnia said their home should be known as the `town of twins', due to the unusually high number of multiple births. local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war."," ""we are looking into the possibility of having a twin city,"" said the town's chief of health, Janko Vojinovici.",2.354839
"facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. the documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet."," his attorney, David Borenstein says he believes the documents will be released soon after.",2.444444
"an entire herd of buffalo has been shot dead by law enforcement in upstate new york after they escaped from a farm. around 15 animals ran away from their pen in schodack in rensselaer county on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river. they then started running down the thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including buffalo and new york city."," it took them about 5 miles, from the tolls, and then they ran off.",2.777778
"football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned. a british schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in lanzarote. football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an `accidental drowning '."," police have not confirmed whether the boy, who lived in the complex for just under a month when the tragedy happened at about 8pm, is related, and said there was not a trace of the boy in the pool.",2.659091
"francis coquelin is determined to take his chance at arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend patrick vieira. the frenchman has thrived in the centre of arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at championship side charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. vieira was captain during arsenal's trophy laden beginning to arsene wenger's reign and coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend."," coqelin has already made a number to impress during a number of appearances for the team and he believes this will be the year he truly becomes the club's player.",2.617647
"19 kids and counting stars jessa duggar and ben seewald are both known for being incredibly fitness - and health-conscious, and now that they are expecting their first child, they have to adapt their lifestyle. jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband ben announced the the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc.com, which featured them both making health smoothies, and jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly, to ensure that she can remain fit and active while expecting.","  ""We wanted our son's growth hormone levels in our body to be high,"" jesse explained.",2.363636
"radamel falcao has been having a tough time of it on the pitch in recent months, but the struggling striker will have benefited from some much-needed perspective after spending thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez. newcastle united defender gutierrez, who successful underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year, was given a standing ovation at anfield when he was introduced as a second-half substitute during his side's 2-0 defeat by liverpool on monday night. falcao managed to catch up with gutierrez and posted a picture of the pair on his instagram account stating: `it was a pleasure to spend time with @elgalgojonas, a great example of bravery and a great person '."," the striker, who had been on the verge to be sold by his previous clubs before the deal was completed, was left in tears and will remain in hospital until the day he dies of the tumour.",2.682927
"rescuers were given quite the surprise after a horse that was stuck in a muddy ditch for six hours turned out to be white when it was hosed down. eighteen firefighters freed the havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather. relieved owner tracey hannant, from bexleyheath, south london, said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch."," she has been told it is now back home.",2.700000
"cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army. but it was tony abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her."," she was not surprised, but she was delighted and grateful at the same time.""",2.500000
"the number of immigrants from africa and the caribbean has been increasing in recent years and they now account for almost ten per cent of the overall black population in the united states. foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but they accounted for 8.","2 % of all blacks in 2011, according to census figures.",2.000000
"a new anti-smoking advert warning people that they could get colon cancer and be forced to use an ostomy bag for the rest of their lives has drawn the anger of a 19-year-old student who uses one as a consequence of her fight with inflammatory bowel disease. hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad, commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention, to be banned.","  ""They say you don't need to worry about smoking,"" she said in an email.",2.300000
"a woman's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. rachel sandridge, 29, from maryland, says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor. sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs."," sandridges health care provider, Dr John L.",2.600000
"the number plate that got jeremy clarkson and his former top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina was a direct reference to the falklands war, a judge has ruled. while the bbc claimed the plate, which read h982 fkl, was an `unhappy coincidence ', maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately` provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year. in a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as `arrogant and disrespectful '."," she also said she was concerned about how the number plates were used in argentinas  ""it would be easy as a result to get people angry and upset"", said barrionson.",2.435897
"the queen was today joined by her husband the duke of edinburgh as she met the canadian highlanders to mark the bravery of the country's servicemen and women in the first world war. her majesty, who looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress, was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square, central london. during the first world war commemorations, the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while prince philip sat for a portrait with the royal hamilton light infantry."," a large crowd gathered to hear the monarch speak, including the dukes of liverpool, duke and dutch and the duke and the duchess of santa-franca, as they watched the queen's arrival.",2.127660
"a family is fearing for a missing colorado father of five who was last seen nearly two weeks ago while making a purchase of more than $350 at a southern california walmart. oliver pareece jones, 37, was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26 am."," his family has been in touch and are hoping someone will see or hear anything.",2.437500
"first they made a life-sized bronze statue of him, and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour. barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director, who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his oscar winning film, vicky cristina barcelona. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, la llotja, following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building."," the new museum will include exhibition space and space for the public to view works of art.",2.277778
"chelsea match-winner cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road. the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green. the win moved jose mourinho's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal.","  ""It is a good result for us, especially because we were losing the ball and we had a lot of chances, but it was the first goal we scored,"" he commented .",2.153846
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- erika langhart had a zest for life. by the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries. after graduating from college she was working in washington and thinking about going to law school."," when her mother died she started to think about going to law.",2.000000
"a teacher has been banned from the classroom after he let pupils change their exam answers invalidating his whole school's sats results. ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds, which assess english, maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury, gloucestershire. this was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard."," The school has already apologised and given students a full refund.",2.615385
"angela merkel threw down the gauntlet to david cameron last night and said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers. the german chancellor demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength. the call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean, where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy."," Theresa May said the UK will take in more Syrian migrants than ever before, even though it is a net migrant.",2.400000
"the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people. a video from the office features characters in `safety suits' including bubbleman, a` fashionista 'wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights. the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone, including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year."," it's an effective message, but what does it say about our urban environments, and what kind in our cities do these people live in, when it's not safe?",2.617647
"an indian farmer hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children. with furious demonstrations going on below him in the capital delhi, ganjendra singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at ram manohar lohia hospital."," the protest was led by farmers, the government of dalit and the state's minister of environment and forest, a senior forest official said today, the Times-Tribune reports.",2.351351
"having been on the receiving end of a 6-1 thumping, a defeat like that could be justifiably met with a backlash by angry supporters. watching a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit come the end of the reverse encounter too could send many fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side. however that doesn't appear the case for those devoted to porto."," it's easy to forget about the fact they've been on the winning end of a 1-1 tie with a 2-1 score on the night as their last home game before the Champions Cup.",2.425000
"former leeds and england coach tony smith admits he was shocked by kevin sinfield's decision to switch codes but, on reflection, believes it could be an inspired decision. sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the rhinos' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract. sinfield, who is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points, told a news conference at headingley he did not want to play against rhinos and that the opportunity to spearhead carnegie's bid for a premiership return was too good to resist."," - 'I didn`t know anything about rugby league' - sinfield, whose former clubs were Leedham and the South Sydney Rhinos, admits being shocked by his decision to sign a new deal with leedh and yorker.",2.509804
"it has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the uk. thousands of the 165ft towers line the land, spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat's cradle of high-voltage cables. but their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday -- complete with a pair of distinctive `earrings'."," a spokesman told the Mail on Sunday: 'The python was a symbol of hope for generations, a symbol that helped to inspire hope to those struggling for a better world.",2.638889
"over the past couple of weeks it hasn't just been zayn malik's departure from one direction that has been making the headlines, it's been his personal life too. for zayn's relationship with little mix singer perrie edwards as come under scrutiny as the 22-year-old was once again accused of cheating on his fiance. at the weekend swedish model martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently."," she was accompanied by her boyfriend jonny b.",2.727273
"jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday. the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run, seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. 'i think it's down to confidence,' he said of his victory.","  ""there was definitely an element to me of being confident, but I think we had a lot of work ahead, I think we just had too many people trying to hold us back,"" he said.",2.547619
"former arsenal forward andrei arshavin is set to be released by russian league leaders zenit st petersburg at the end of the season, along with veteran ukraine midfielder anatoly tymoshchuk. zenit coach andre villas-boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair, whose current deals expire at the end of the season. the former chelsea and tottenham manager said: `the situation is developing so that their contracts run out.","  ""the club will be discussing it with the player but we will see what happens.""",2.210526
"the wife of paedophile and former bega cheese ceo maurice van ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls, a court has heard. the father of one of van ryn's victims has also been seen in her backyard, lawyer francois salama told the nsw supreme court on thursday morning. `she's concerned for her safety, 'he told van ryn's sentencing hearing."," the wife said her husband and van ryn had been living with each another in a house in south-east Sydney for three and a half months, and had been living in her garden and garage with their two young children.",2.355556
"george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video assaulting a woman in panama city. a third suspect has been arrested by police as a suspect in a brutal sexual assault that occurred on a florida beach. george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city."," a third suspected has be arrested by police a suspect has BEARING AN ARROGANT MAN IN PANAMAMA City Police Department have been investigating an assault that took an innocent woman and a friend to the hospital, and it is not the only assault.",2.461538
"a grandmother nicknamed the `fairy dogmother 'spends more than # 28,000 a year looking after the stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home. for more than 30 years, pat senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton, greater manchester, with the animals, taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary. she estimates that she spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets."," she says: 'the dogs are very affectionately treated and they love to be taken out of here.",2.047619
"these images show the world's smallest working gun - which is shorter than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34 mm in diameter. created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power."," the bullets, which are made of metal foil coated in carbon steel, are fired at the speed of about 3 feet (1.",2.576923
"castleford's blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery. the news could have been worse for carney, who dislocated his elbow in the tigers' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared. castleford winger justin carney is set to be out for up to months after being told he needs elbow surgery."," the news would've made for a great headline if it was true but the fact it wasn´t has left the 21-years-old wondering what happened to the man who scored a hat-trick against Hull KR and was voted Man of the Match in the match.",2.109091
"matt dunford, 30, who claimed to be `britain's vainest man ', has been ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work for harassing an ex-girlfriend, pictured today outside court. a fitness fanatic dubbed` britain's vainest man' who set up a fake website claiming his ex-girlfriend was a prostitute has been ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work for harassing her. matt dunford, 30, bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down."," dunford's website, which claimed brancas was a 'pimp whore', even posted pictures with pictures of her with a gun and a knife.",2.387097
"australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his `inappropriate and disrespectful 'anzac day tweets. mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter yesterday, calling it` the cultification of an imperialist invasion,' and accusing australian diggers of committing war crimes which included `widespread rape and theft. 'in a joint statement, sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport, ken shipp said mcintyre's` highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable."," ""The sb board and the board of the sb radio network are appalled and outraged at his comments, which were not in keeping with sbb's values and standards of broadcasting and journalism,"" the sbs statement said.",2.244444
"`my, my! at waterloo napoleon did surrender, 'sang sweden's fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner. now this may come as a surprise, but you would be well advised not to rely on abba to help with your history homework."," This song is actually from the movie The Sound and the Arrow, which is actually a film about two of the band's biggest hits: ""I'm in Love"" and ""The Great American Songbook"".",2.238095
"a journalist for a russian tv station has been severely injured after stepping on a land mine in ukraine, following a night of heavy fighting between russian-backed rebels and government forces. andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne, a village near mariupol in east ukraine, and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds. mr lunev, reportedly from donetsk, ukraine, received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues, before he was taken to hospital."," a video from the scene showed him lying on crumpled concrete and a blanket on a bed, as the hospital staff attempted CPR, while paramedics treated and transported him to the scene.",2.567568
"the probe into the suicide of a 12-year-old girl was more of a `publicity stunt 'than an investigation, according to a new lawsuit. rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland, florida in september 2013. the following month, the polk county sheriff's office said she likely killed herself following` malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, katelyn roman, then 12, and guadalupe shaw, 13."," in the suit , which was obtained by ABC News , the state of Florida claims the sheriff's office and its deputy chief investigator failed to follow protocol in the investigation, and that there should have been more resources and attention paid to this young woman's case by local authorities.",2.425926
"celebrity residents and good commuter links to the city have made esher in surrey the country's number one income tax hotspot, research shows. those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency -- home to gary lineker, frank lampard, mick hucknall and chris tarrant -- have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year. they paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging # 16,900, almost four times the national average of # 4,363, a study by accountancy group uhy hacker young found."," the study also revealed that those who live and commute from esher and walton pay the most taxes in surrey.",1.875000
"a merry widow from edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. pat ingles, 69, remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. in comparison, the retired hairdresser, prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours."," ""it was very easy for me to live with my mother, she loved to cook and we had a great life together.",2.600000
"a green-skinned figure in a medieval manuscript may look very familiar to star wars fans. the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document. but in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson, one expert claims."," a medieval manuscript, or papal edict, from the reign of Henry III, which was published by the papal court, depicts a greenish-skinned warrior in armour wielding two blades in front of an angel.",2.454545
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- on april 20, 2010, a final cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed, causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in u.s. history and taking the lives of 11 rig workers."," In the days following the disaster and after years on the verge of bankruptcy the company filed for bankruptcy protection, but it has been unable and unable to pay the workers, who have been unable, and the government has failed.",2.477273
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united nations is appealing for $174 million to help nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. boko haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques. it has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year."," a UN report released Monday details how Nigeria's security forces failed to protect the girls.",2.411765
"a father and two children, aged eight and two, were killed after their suv rolled over on a highway. the car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county, on central florida's atlantic coast. authorities say 38-year-old uriel miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter yaretsi miranda died saturday evening at a hospital."," the car was owned and operated at the ford and the family had a business.",2.294118
"claims by the country's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. after the labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure, with shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as `shocking ', the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that` these are not all unique users'. it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million -- and possibly lower still."," the report, released to the BBC, was based on information from the Trusted Food and drink Association, which collects data from foodbanks on who has been served by its members, and who has not.",2.365854
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- jackson gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old. by day he is an industrial design student at philadelphia university, but gordon has another side to him -- a side altogether darker, tougher and more enigmatic. hanging in his workshop gordon has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife."," a cape is a protective covering worn by men to ward off attacks by other men.",2.529412
"babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free `lucky 'silver pennies. the royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013. parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess, due later this month, will have to register the birth of their child on the royal mint's facebook page to receive the commemorative gift.","  danielle and the royals  the royals have been giving out the 'silver pennies' for several months, starting when they gave out the royal gold coin in 2012, and continuing through their royal wedding.",2.297872
"mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to the powers that be within the german giant and demand extra revenue to fight off the new threat of ferrari. from out of the blue, it was the scarlet red of ferrari that was back on the top step of the podium for the first time in almost two years last time out in malaysia, pushing reigning champion lewis hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg down to second and third. from the threat of another silver arrows-dominated campaign in the wake of last year's stunning success and crushing start to the season in australia, formula one was provided with a much-needed tonic with ferrari's return to winning ways courtesy of sebastian vettel."," the team were on course to take the lead from the first row at the end of lap four, but after a series of incidents, such as a crash on the first lap, that left seben vandenboga (1-2) and lance reynolds (6-6) in trouble, the gap was reduced to 3.",2.211268
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn's britt mchenry this week found herself in the news, rather than reporting on it, after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington, virginia. among the highlights, as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to liveleak: ""i'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer, honey,"" and ""i wouldn't work at a scumbag place like this. makes my skin crawl even being here."," you're a piece off the block.""",2.125000
"a drug-addicted ryanair steward who swiped a # 500 camera left on a flight was rumbled by the owner who spotted the listing on ebay and reported him to police. teacher aaron galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in the czech republic capital. ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the # 499 nikon."," The # 499 was the only plane in flight that day and the crew thought no-one was on board because of the # 501's low fuel level, but the crew were unable to locate their # 499 until they returned from a day trip on their next flight.",2.566038
"he is a world cup winner, spanish football legend, and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit. and now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of andrés iniesta after he listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb. the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the `bodega iniesta 'vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out."," the vineyard is located on a beautiful hilltop in the heart of a picturesqueness and is just 15km away.",2.280000
"a teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence. on september 7, 2014, samantha giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, before she was abandoned. so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved."," she told reporters on september 7th: ""I don´T know why people do what to me.",2.304348
"polk city, florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- if you drove by it, you wouldn't even know it's there. the ringling bros.. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida, halfway between orlando and sarasota, off a nondescript country road."," it may not seem very much at the first glance, the ringlors are not even in a place where elephants live, let along where they breed, and the park is not even open yet, which is not unusual for a zoo.",2.458333
"manchester city are coming up against statistically the deadliest striker in the premier league when they face crystal palace on easter monday. glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season - giving him a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively, behind papiss cisse and olivier giroud."," the other top scoreers this term include:  top 5 strikers this term  ""the best striker ever to grace the pitch"" - gareth rudd - top striker in history - michael cox  - the best ever to come off the bench - jorden stone, james stokeley, joseph fosse  ""he is a legend in this country"" - jimmy leech  and so it goes.",2.531915
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- getting caught napping on the job is never good. getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level. alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold."," the pilot reported hearing some sort and when the pilot got out of bed to check the noise, his eyes were opened wide.",2.440000
"a filmmaker, whose older sister has down syndrome, is confronting the misuse of the word `retarded 'and exploring the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult in her upcoming documentary, which aims to change the way people think, speak and act. amanda lukoff, from arlington, virginia, teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo. the director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c."," luke, as an autistic person and a young autistic woman who was once bullied for her disability.",2.400000
"feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water, and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue. born on january 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of tokyo. initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs were encouraged by their mother, cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space."," carah was accompanied by her brother, kai, who is a young cub, and his twin, nana.",2.500000
"a 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the immigration minister pleading to be allowed to stay in the country he has called home for the past eight years. the touching words were written by tyrone sevilla and delivered to peter dutton's office in brisbane on monday, along with a petition containing 122,000 signatures. the poster simply said: `dear mr sutton, can i stay in australia please.","` The boy has been at home for the past two years, living with family members.",2.368421
"fabio capello claimed john terry is still england's best defender and maintained he should never have been stripped of his captaincy. speaking about the terry race row for the first time since leaving his post as england manager, capello said england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea stalwart at their disposal. `i think john is england's best defender and they have not got a lot of defenders, 'said capello,` it is better to have a player like john than not have him."," He said it is a good thing for englands to have terry.",2.333333
"former american president ronald reagan asked mikhail gorbachev for help from russia to `fight the alien invader '. the president and former actor went off-script during a peace summit in geneva in the 1980s to ask the soviet leader for his support in the event of an invasion from extra terrestrial life. reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students, and his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them."," he also told a group that he was willing if asked, to join the military and fight the aliens if the situation called for it in order to save humanity from a possible future of war.",2.500000
"david bulman -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face. a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing. david bulman, 55, and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing."," bulmans' outburst prompted his wife luisa to leave the house.",2.266667
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- would you want a tv program about your family history to include details of a distant, long-deceased relative who had owned slaves? seriously, who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to other than a remote bloodline? i wouldn't, and neither did ben affleck, who lobbied producers of a pbs show, ""finding your roots,"" to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather benjamin cole, a georgia slave owner in the mid-1800's, in an episode that looked at affleck's family history.","  i think you can safely remove all references to his name, but i think it makes sense if the show was to include details of his slave owner.",2.656250
"arsenal legend paul merson has been forced into an embarrassing climbdown and admitted he was wrong to criticise the england call up for andros townsend. the tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a stunning strike in tuesday's 1-1 draw with italy in turin. it was the perfect riposte after merson said in his sky sports column: `if andros townsend can get in -lrb- the england squad -rrb- then it opens it up for anybody."," it's a bit of a stretch but it's the reality of football.",2.266667
"philippe coutinho fired liverpool into the fa cup semi-finals and made it a night to remember for jordan henderson. liverpool's captain provided the 70th-minute assist for coutinho to break blackburn rovers' resistance and secure a 1-0 win that sets up a wembley date against aston villa a week on sunday. it has been a dramatic 24 hours for henderson, as his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter, alba."," liam bernson and the liverpool fans had a blast at a packed stadium as they took a deserved 1-0 lead against the blackbriarians.",2.529412
"there's nothing better than a succulent steak, sizzling from the hot plate, charred to perfection on the outside, bursting with juices within. people often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that's bone dry, grey-hued and distinctly unappetising. so what is the best way to cook the perfect steak?"," In a nutshell this is simple - it's the steak you're looking to grill to its ultimate temperature.",2.772727
"caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside nfl star j.j. watt.","  nfldb is hoping to make it to a bowl game for only their third season but the league is already looking at adding a third team to help bolster their talent pool and to get more young men into pro sports.",2.531915
"hearts have confirmed that captain danny wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract. despite having a further year left on his current deal at tynecastle, the 23-year-old has decided to look for a new challenge in the wake of leading the gorgie outfit to championship title success. wilson initially joined hearts on loan from liverpool in january 2013 before then putting pen to paper on a three-year contract."," he was a regular in the hearts starting line-ups as the club reached the FA cup semi final and final of that competition, the 2-0 win over luton.",2.400000
"andrea dossena, a man liverpool once shelled out # 7million for, has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods. the 33-year-old, who now plies his trade with league one strugglers leyton orient, was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday. dossena, whose crowning moment for liverpool came when he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league, was later bailed."," the former huddersfield player had been spotted at the shop at 8.",2.187500
"fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned. while the drinks are said to have health benefits, some brands contain more than a day's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. the local government association, which represents councils that are responsible for public health, accused soft drink firms of `dragging their heels' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products."," it has also called for more research to determine what constitutes a healthy dose of sugar in a drink.",2.150000
"every police force in england and wales will be required to record anti-muslim hate crimes and treat them as seriously as anti-semitic attacks if the tories win the next general election, theresa may has announced. in a move hailed by islamic groups, mrs may said that police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category, just as anti-semitic crimes are recorded separately. at present some forces, including london's metropolitan police, do record islamophobic crimes as such."," ""police need to be clear that this will be treated seriously by all forces.",2.875000
"new delhi, india -lrb- cnn -rrb- as the earth shook in nepal, tremors were felt over the border in india as well. it was a call to action: within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake, india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission."," ""We have to be prepared for anything,"" said R.",2.000000
"a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away `every piece of joy 'in her life. jessica howard, 23, denounced` night stalker' clive howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life."," howards family said they wanted justice for their son and that justice would be served if he is found not criminally responsible or guilty.",2.307692
"last weekend, after a sunny day in the borders, i posted this picture of myself on twitter with the caption `just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing! 'i admit, it wasn't a particularly funny joke, but i had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of scotland's first minister and the leader of the snp. i was called ugly, vile,` someone who deserves to die', and one wit even `hoped i would catch malaria '."," i have been told i have to go into hospital, i will get better, but the pain is already gone.",2.826087
"a football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport -- from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days. dave doggett, the boss of league two outfit cambridge united, believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their `gangs'."," the problem is compounded by the growing number of clubs who have banned fights in their stands - and some clubs are even banning their players from watching matches in a way which can incite the troublemakers.",2.333333
"arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday. sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave, and following the world cup, the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger's expert guidance, going on to make an instant impression in english football. the french coach, however, admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards."," ""he is not happy with the situation, he has already decided that, and will not go anywhere, but the situation is complicated because the player himself is still waiting for a decision,"" the boss said on luismilkradio's 'The Best Show'.",2.807692
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- by the time kim kardashian set out to ""break the internet"" in november last year, a photo by 23-year-old conor mcdonnell had already got there -- with a little help from kim's music superstar husband kanye west. mcdonnell is the self-taught photography star behind instagram's most liked photo, showing the couple's embrace at their may wedding, which has earned more than 2.4 milllion ""likes"" to date."," ""I was in the shower, thinking, this can be fun.",2.785714
"designer lilly pulitzer's family learned that it's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the `pink sunday 'rush for the late ms pulitzer's eponymous brand's brightly-colored, limited edition collaboration at target. the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm."," she says she's glad she did, as it allowed her the opportunity of a life-alteration to wear the color.",2.153846
"kathmandu, nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now, but tanka maya sitoula has one of them. the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck, bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment."," She was in the bathroom, and the next thing her eye was in flames, her body screaming as she struggled out of the rubble, her daughter clinging on to her arms and legs in the water.",2.500000
"newcastle midfielder jonas gutierrez is hoping to celebrate his return to first-team action with a much-needed derby victory over struggling sunderland. the 31-year-old argentinian has appeared as a substitute in each of the magpies' last three games following his return from testicular cancer, and has been welcomed warmly back into the fold on and off the pitch. however, he has finished on the losing side on each occasion and is desperate to end that run as newcastle attempt to bounce back from an unprecedented four successive defeats by their arch-rivals at the stadium of light on sunday.","  gutinho has been sidelined for the last eight games, having been diagnosed with the disease on November 18, 2014.",1.961538
"simon calvert of the christian institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job. schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons, union leaders say. the national union of teachers has called for a `positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made` compulsory 'under the next government."," The union said schools could not be expected, in their current circumstances and with no support for teaching gay relationships in their curriculum, to teach children about them if they did so would be undermining the teaching profession.""",2.463415
"europe's controversial new laws banning ultra-thin models from strutting down the catwalk may be doing more harm than good as models are reportedly going to extreme measures to ensure they clock in at a `healthy 'weight when they hop on the scale - including stuffing their underwear with sandbags. earlier this month france passed a new law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low, in an attempt to combat anorexia. and the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fines of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models."," but what about those skinny ones who are actually struggling?",2.909091
"politicians are criss-crossing the country wooing voters ahead of the election in 27 days' time. but in more than half of seats the result is already known, according to new analysis of safe seats. more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted, because one party is so far ahead.","  This is why, despite the fact that the outcome of most of the elections is still a long ways from being known, the government has taken the unprecedented step this morning of publishing all of its safe seats, including those in Delhi and Rajasthan, on the government websites, so that voters know the result before heading out for the poll.",2.200000
"manchester city are preparing bids for english trio raheem sterling, ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad. the club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of frank lampard and uncertainty over james milner's future exacerbating the problem. etihad stadium chiefs have moved to address the situation and are expected to lodge offers for liverpool winger sterling, everton midfielder barkley and southampton striker rodriguez."," the club's chief executive, kurtis phillips, has been in contact with Manchester club chairman and former Liverpool boss David Gill, who are keen for his involvement.",2.342857
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- five years ago, rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. this week, she got threatened for her action. the trouble started monday, when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question.","  however it wasníre a prank, it was really serious and he was really upset.",2.666667
"it was due to be a routine mission to examine the depths of the gulf of mexico. however, researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean. rather than the deep sea squid and corals they expected to see, a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub - causing gasps and shouts of `holy cow 'from the sub's operators."," it wasn't long after this that a crew from the US Navy discovered the creature - the largest of the giant sperm whale species in captivity - swimming around in an area of the ocean called a 'giant squid zone'.",2.227273
"manchester united have offered to make david de gea the world's best-paid goalkeeper on # 200,000-a-week to keep him at old trafford. fears are growing at united that de gea will return to spain and join real madrid on a free transfer when his contract runs out next summer. so far there has been no breakthrough in negotiations and manager louis van gaal admitted yesterday that the club have made de gea a huge offer to persuade him to stay."," so theres been plenty of pressure placed in on de gea to leave, but if he does not, it will be a big blow to his career, and his fans' hopes of getting him to come back to England, where his father, a former Manchester City goalkeeper who also played there, lives, on a £100,00- a- month deal with a year left on.",2.430380
"chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto, according to club president naoki ogane. the japan international, who has played for the j-league side since 2013, will join chelsea's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer. ogane claims that chelsea's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february."," mutor has scored six goals in 19 games for the j-lites since joining them.",2.315789
"the german government had been warned of a heightened risk of flying over eastern ukraine just days before the mh17 disaster last year, it has been claimed. despite being told of the risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash, germany failed to pass on the warning, local media reported. malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17, and all 298 aboard were killed."," it had previously said the aircraft was in a dangerous area of airspace near the border with Poland.",2.789474
"ed balls has been accused of treating the public with `contempt 'after dismissing as a` joke' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010, was just a `jokey note '. mr byrne's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated:` dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money."," i'm afraid there's a problem with our bank`s account, and i want us all to know how much money you have in the bank and the number of pounds we have in the account.",2.200000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the quaint town of dunblane, scotland, has been set abuzz by the wedding of tennis legend andy murray to his long-term girlfriend, kim sears. saturday's event -- dubbed ""the royal wedding of scotland"" -- took place at dunblane cathedral, with cheering crowds spilling onto the streets to support their home-grown talent. the grand slam and olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt, while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by british designer jenny packham."," the event took a back seat as it was attended largely by the media and fans of other sports and entertainment, but the couple have already started planning the next event, and have revealed that they plan for a second one to take place later this year.""",2.540000
"ahead of this weekend's premier league action, sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for arsenal's home clash with liverpool... arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- emirates stadium -rrb-. team news.","  the game itself: , the game itself, with the full matchday and match day preview available on Arsenal.",2.680000
"jockey aidan coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his crabbie's grand national blues at aintree on saturday. the 26-year-old rides well-backed the druids nephew, stepping in for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the neil mulholland-trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month's cheltenham festival. the eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the # 1million steeplechase but coleman knows more than most how fickle fortune can be in the biggest steeplechase in the world."," he's not sure whether he'll be racing with a full tank of fuel, or just enough to keep the car in gear on a tight road.",2.500000
"fully charged: the new scheme will let ee customers pick up free portable chargers. the uk's biggest mobile network has announced details of a scheme to help customers keep their mobile phones charged. ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are."," ee has been offering this scheme since 2012, but the company has now unveiled details of a nationwide trial that will allow customers the chance to take advantage in the hope of increasing their mobile usage.",2.230769
"this adorable dancer's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation. the talented toddler, believed to be from china and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. happily bobbing along to the music, the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old, slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware, as seen in a video on the people's daily online."," The youngster's incredible balance skills are seen in this YouTube video of a young girl from China doing a ballet routine.",2.250000
"police are using tiny plastic lego figures in a campaign to warn people about the rising tide of housebreakings in scotland. officers from police scotland's edinburgh division -- which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent -- posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime. last night, victims branded the move as `insensitive 'and` a joke'."," a number of people have posted comments on social networking site calling the police officers `insignificant, insensitive, and disrespectful'.",2.320000
"a kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease is now fighting for custody of her child after the 11-year-old boy disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school. shona banda, 37, who published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for crohn's disease, has a custody hearing monday in garden city, kansas. her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services."," he was placed into protective care and her lawyer says she is fighting for his right to attend school.",2.250000
"it could have easily been passed off as an april fool's day joke, but for one couple winning the # 53million euromillions jackpot was a reality. richard and angela maxwell, from coningsby in lincolnshire, became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. the couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with mr maxwell planning to retire and play bowls."," the jack pot has already exceeded the $50m mark, meaning that the couple are now worth over $50m.",2.166667
"james webster, 35, was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency. a voyeur who used a hidden camera to film up women's skirts as they bent over freezers in lidl has been spared jail. james webster targeted female shoppers at the lidl store in maidenhead, berkshire, as they hunted for bargains in the large chest freezers."," webster filmed up women's undergarment skirts before posing for a video showing him with his camera hidden in their skirts.",2.120000
"lancashire have signed australia all-rounder james faulkner as their overseas player for the bulk of this summer. faulkner will arrive after his indian premier league commitments to replace compatriot peter siddle, who will play in the red rose's first four lv = county championship matches before joining the australia squad. faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand to win the world cup last month, taking three for 36 to help bowl the black caps out for 183 in a seven-wicket victory."," he has played four ODIs for his nation and is yet to play an official international game but his inclusion will allow Lancashire's new recruits a chance of playing international cricket in the future.",2.564103
"ronny deila bemoaned the refereeing blunder which cost ten-man celtic side a crack at a rare domestic treble. virgil van dijk's sublime 16th free-kick gave the parkhead side a dream start to their scottish cup semi-final clash with inverness. but the parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball from josh meekings.","  the parkhead's goal gave them the lead before the break as ronny deila's superb effort from 20 yards was saved off the line by alan musselman as the visitors looked to get back into it.",2.042553
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq didn't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden, the influence of anwar al-awlaki, or the notoriety of adam gadahn. still, he was a big deal. that's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west, but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group."," The al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen has been in control there, but has been losing territory over the years to the government in Sana'a, which is backed by Saudi and other Persian-backed forces and is battling to restore its authority following a 2011 civil war that left more then 1,000 dead and displaced over 10.",2.338462
"fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. the highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress."," the resulting photos have been retweeting on twitter and instgram and have been shared widely on all social networks.",2.181818
"a vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women. close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company wicked campers, after the brand failed remove `sexist 'paintings from their vans including the slogan,` in every princess, there's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once'. the brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet, prompting the company's ceo john webb to promise in july last year to remove the slogans within six months."," but now the protesters are taking to their streets to protest their removal and to protest against the use of 'sexist`paint on campens which they believe promote violence against women.",2.184211
"blackburn rovers are in familiar territory facing an fa cup replay against one of the country's best, only this time it's liverpool and not manchester city. last season, the championship side held eventual premier league champions city to a draw, but were then thrashed 5-0 in the return. none-the-less, midfielder tom cairney didn't come away from the game empty handed and grabbed yaya toure's shirt at the end, which takes pride of place framed in his living room."," the midfielder was given the honour in the dugouts by the liverpool fans, and the fans are happy for him to be the man.",2.464286
"middlesbrough's patrick bamford has been named the championship player of the year at the football league awards. bamford, on loan at the riverside stadium from chelsea, received the award at the gala ceremony in london on sunday evening in front of over 600 guests, following a vote among club managers. the 21-year-old beat competition from ipswich town's daryl murphy and watford's troy deeney to claim the overall sky bet championship player of the year award."," the former Manchester United man was also named the league best player of the year.",1.750000
"is this the world's safest bike? its designers certainly think so. boasting front and rear lights, rear view mirrors and even a car horn, the team behind the electric babel bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety."," , which is based in the Netherlands but has been built in China, has been designed to be the most ecofriendly bike on the market, with the bike powered only by solar energy.",2.000000
"break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners' names tattooed on their bodies. jessica hardy, 23, from hereford, was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid. `i'm desperate to get rid of it, i have bad dreams about it, 'she said on channel 5 show tattoo disasters."," The couple have been married and living as a couple for six months, she said her ex was 'the most annoying and meanest guy ever', who had 'the worst temper in all of the world' and was 'always on the verge of throwing up when he was drunk', adding: 'we just couldn't be with him any longer.'",2.614286
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the reserve deputy who shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun, and another deputy who can be heard cursing at the suspect after he was shot, were not in their normal states of mind because of the elevated stress of apprehending the suspect, according to a tulsa, oklahoma, investigator. tulsa police sgt. jim clark, who has been brought in to review the case, said tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates, 73, ""inadvertently"" shot eric courtney harris after harris -- a possibly pcp-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer -- ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting."," tulah police deputy sheriffs and officers from tulaland police, sheriffs, and police agencies were all present when the shooting occurred and were not involved in any manner.",2.216216
"why would you spend your holiday at another nondescript hotel, when you could have your own island, and stay in a 19th century lighthouse, all for the same price as a b&b. the impressive ile louët is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany, france, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat. groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of $200 -lrb- # 145 / $215 -rrb- for two nights."," The lodge offers a spacious private room to rent, a kitchenette, bath, and a bar.",2.600000
"the senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on australian soil in a flash new propaganda video. authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - former melbourne man neil prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday. now al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his `beloved brothers' to` rise up 'and attack targets in australia."," al camodi is also seen in a chilling video which appears online and has since been removed from the internet.",2.318182
"roy keane, republic of ireland assistant manager, pictured during a euro 2016 qualifier on march 29. former manchester united footballer roy keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence after it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver fateh kerar, 44, near traffic lights in altrincham, cheshire."," the taxi was stopped by officers after an alleged road rage offence.",2.615385
"mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els, as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman, an american representative of the rank and file. last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows."," the winner of the day would be decided on Sunday by the winner of the previous day's final.",2.050000
"amid renewed calls for fifa to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 world cup to qatar, new research by the mail on sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals -- including legitimate trade deals -- in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote. qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot. the mos analysis suggests that qatar spent an astonishing # 17.","6 million dollars on ""trade related lobbying"" between 2010, 2011 and 2012, the same period the oil-rich oil-rich country won the world cup for all the wrong purposes.",2.432432
"nigel jackson, 59, a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has written a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died. a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has admitted burying her body in the garden but denies killing her, claiming she must have died during a bungled burglary. nigel jackson, 59, was arrested at his country home in alvor, near portimao in the algarve, in january, after the body of his wife brenda davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside."," she had been stabbed and beaten in the garden where the couple had spent a week with Nigel's family.",2.666667
"binge drinking might seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon - but in fact it is a time-honoured tradition, according to health experts. ancient civilisations such as the romans, greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. now one academic suggests that modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture."," The drinking binge is a common and well-documented phenomenon in human societies, says Dr Richard Gershenius from Imperial College London and his team, who analysed the history and epidemiology literature.",2.425000
"a pair of foxes viciously fight to the death in a battle to claim a lone vixen. the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle. wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera."," The foxes fought with their teeth as they struggled for the vampirism's prize.",2.200000
"celebrities and dietitians have been promoting back-to-basic diets and warning us off processed foods for years - and the trend is now taking hold in the pet world. three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones in his quest to lose weight. his owners, margaret and patrick evans from leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas."," they've since given their pup a new name - and are hoping he can shed the pounds and become a better dog by the time he turns two next summer.",2.406250
"manchester united striker james wilson has revealed that if he could take one quality from team-mate wayne rooney and add it to his own game, it would be the england captain's ability to take free-kicks. the 19-year-old, speaking during an interview in may's issue of inside united, added that he would want robin van persie's movement and radamel falcao's instincts. the united starlet said earlier this season that he was using his opportunity training with the first team to learn from the three experienced forwards, who have scored more than 450 professional goals between them."," ""i would like to play with all of them because they can do so little,"" he explained, adding that he would want them to give him a chance every now and again.",2.166667
"north west was a happy traveller on tuesday as she arrived in paris with her famous parents. the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city, as well as kim's home nation of armenia."," the family had been planning to leave soon for their next destination of austria, and the family had spent their time in their new home.",2.285714
"two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in western australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. the concerns around fiona stanley hospital, in southwest perth, were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources. however, according to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty."," the two doctors were removed from the newly built hospital in the western part to make more room for new staff and improve facilities.",2.360000
"a 15-year-old boy has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train after his mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police. deshawn isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal position, according to assistant state's attorney joe dibella. isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand and spent it on junk food, air jordan track suits and his graduation fees, dibella said."," -  The attack took place on December 5 at 11am in front of the West Side Elevated in downtown chicago, the Chicago Tribune said Monday afternoon.",2.735294
"the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa `started applauding and cheering 'when his vessel was entirely submerged, according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. crew aboard sea shepherd vessel bob barker, which had been pursuing the ruined vessel named thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in antarctic waters, found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded.` what was incredibly strange was that the captain of the thunder, when the vessel did actually sink, started applauding and cheering, which i took to be very unusual behaviour and further evidence that he deliberately sank his own vessel,' captain peter hammarstedt told fairfax media."," `When his vessel was totally submerged and his lifeboat started to sink he stopped and started singing.",2.750000
"a san diego man who operated a `revenge porn 'website and then charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information was sentenced friday to 18 years in state prison, the attorney general's office said. kevin bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states."," bollashett was found with the victim's personal information on the website and in his computer, the charges state.",2.640000
"men do almost twice the amount of housework after they retire - but they are still doing far less than their wives, according to new research. the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired."," I'm not talking just about house work.",2.600000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. it celebrates the completion of christ's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection. by dying on good friday, christ atoned for the sins of others; by rising from the grave on sunday, christ conquered death."," by the time christ came back, he had conquered all.",2.416667
"famous italian designers like fendi, gucci and prada may be toted by celebrities such as rihanna, kate moss and katy perry, but few are probably aware of the history behind the brands they wear. a new book has now archived the changing face of italian fashion, from the post-war years to the 21st century. italian glamour: the essence of italian fashion, from the postwar years to the present day, captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images.","  in their original format, the photographs were printed as monochrome slides, but in the last two decades the collection has gone digital, digitizing the photos to produce the book.",2.526316
"some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar, dentist dr sameer patel warns. a busy working week can take its toll on our lives, leaving little time to plan our meals. from breakfast at the desk to the mid-afternoon slump, the temptation to take short cuts and grab the nearest pick me up is too much to resist."," we need to find the right balance of nutrition, taste & nutrition, and make it our top priority.",2.428571
"irbil, iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis claimed it controlled part of iraq's largest oil refinery sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday. by sunday, isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control."," isi militants have been active since 2011, but this was the first major assault on the refinery in a decade.",2.173913
"professor stephen hawking: world-renowned physicist, best-selling author - and now he's shown off his musical talents as well. one of the world's greatest scientists has covered monty python's classic galaxy song, taking listeners on a journey out of the milky way. the author of a brief history of time can be seen in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair, while the footage is interspersed with scenes of the monty python live shows.","  youtube  www : www://www:youtube.",2.714286
"the woman falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo has been snapped cutting lines of a suspicious-looking white powder. sarah watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender at a christmas party for the team. but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort # 100,000 from the footballer."," a woman was caught on camera cutting lines in an apparent attempt at blackmailing rojo, and was subsequently sacked after being questioned.",2.461538
"two teenage girls were savagely beaten by a crowd of people, including parents and other adults, in a new jersey park as onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue. destiny cooke, 16, and lajahia cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob, who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in trenton. lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl's mother threw a rock at her ear, leaving a gash that required 12 stitches.","  In the video posted online, a group of teens can be overheard yelling about ""the white boy,"" ""the nigger"" and other derogatory comments.",2.125000
"nineteen people needed medical treatment and hundreds of firefighters deployed to fight a huge blaze at a chinese chemical plant that produces a toxic chemical. authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment following the blast at goure px plant in zhangzhou, fujian province -- the second explosion to hit the factory in 20 months. hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area after the blast on monday night, while 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze."," the fire spread rapidly and by evening it was estimated that it was at its height.",2.176471
"a series of images showing the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the ebola virus as it tore through west african communities has taken the top prize at the world's largest international photography competition. american john moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease. the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night, where mr moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes."," the prize was presented by the world's leading photographer's union, the association.",2.312500
"between the sugar-free devotees and the paleo health nuts sprouting advice in forums and on blogs, there are a lot of confusing messages surrounding what foods are best and most for nourishing children. in an exclusive interview with daily mail australia, uk children's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book `bubba yum yum - the paleo way ', calling it dangerous, and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.` babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does,' karmel, 51, said."," `I was shocked by Annabel kemels' claim that her book, `bubblica yummy' will teach kids to make baby food from whole bones.",2.800000
"the irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has avoided jail. barry lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick. patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3."," he has had to undergo surgery to remove blood vessels and damage to his liver.",2.437500
"designer lilly pulitzer's family learned that it's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the `pink sunday 'rush for the late ms pulitzer's eponymous brand's brightly-colored, limited edition collaboration at target. the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm."," the lily pulitterer, the second-younger of six siblings, had a different problem with her mother: the family was not able to find her grandmother's favorite brand in time for the holiday shopping season.",2.750000
"a seven-year-old girl was subjected to months of violent punishment by her `strict 'churchgoing aunt before a` vicious and sustained' beating finally killed her, a court heard today. shanay walker's death was the culmination of `repeated acts of cruelty 'at the hands of seventh-day adventist kay-ann morris that included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush, a jury was told. the youngster, who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death, was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood, nottingham, last july."," police arrested morrins after she was discovered with blood on her body in her car and found her with a head injury and bruising to her head and back.",2.625000
"antonio conte insisted his return to turin for italy's 1-1 draw against england prompted `very fond memories', despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. former juventus manager conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august after the azzurri's world cup group-stage exit last summer, but his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy. italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against bulgaria last saturday and conte reportedly received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier."," ""I don´ve had a very good time here at italy and I think it is a very difficult situation,"" said conte on the eve of the friendly, ""but it is not my decision to make.""",2.227273
"an unemployed woman has her heart set on a `fairy-tale church wedding '- and believes the taxpayer should foot the bill as it is her basic human right to be a bride. anna broom, of gillingham, in kent, has not worked since the age of 19, during which time she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits. the jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream` traditional english wedding and party in a castle'."," she said: `it's my right to be a bride and I've never been paid anything.",2.000000
"a lion had an unfortunate accident when it got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the netherlands. captured by a visitor to the dierenrijk zoo, the lion can be seen inserting its head into the barrel and attempting to retrieve a piece of meat. zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild.","  ""We had just had a great lion birth and the mother was feeding.",2.647059
"england test captain alastair cook feared jonathan trott's international career was over 18 months ago, but feels he is now ready to face the `pressure cooker 'once again. trott dramatically left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a` stress-related condition' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety. cook was concerned that would be the end of his three lions days but has watched the 33-year-old rebuild his career with typical focus and determination, first with warwickshire then during a productive winter tour with england lions."," Cook's performance against New South Wales was one he was confident would help Trott return to form.",2.600000
"liverpool just edged past blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th cup semi-final in the anfield club's illustrious history. philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games but blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time. sportsmail's oliver todd rated the player's performances at ewood park."," ""The performance by Eastwood was superb and a good example of the kind of player we have at the club,"" he said  ""The goalkeeping was excellent and the team's effort was superb.",2.146341
"hundreds of children were admitted to hospital last year after being born brain damaged following exposure to alcohol in the womb, alarming new figures have revealed. in total, 272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months, according to data from the official health and social care information centre. but the actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater, experts have warned."," - The number who died from exposure to alcohol during the past five years in England was estimated at 6.",2.500000
"ahead of this weekend's premier league action, sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for arsenal's home clash with liverpool... arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- emirates stadium -rrb-. team news.","  Arsenal vs Manchester UtD  (7.",2.545455
"lewis hamilton has conceded to feeling more powerful now than at any stage in his f1 career. it is an ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix, been on pole at the last four, and who already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings. it is no wonder after winning in bahrain, when hamilton stepped out of his mercedes, he immediately stood on top of it and pretended to smack an imaginary baseball out of the circuit.","  hamilton has always been a bit like a man in a trance, and in this respect his victory in Bahrain, a race that was a complete surprise to him and which he knew he should have won by five points or more, is a good sign.",2.207547
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- gastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship celebrity infinity, according to a report from the centers for disease control. of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms, the cdc said. the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.","  The cruise ship, which is currently on a six-day cruise to the Bahamas from Miami and New York, said on its blog that the passengers who had been hospitalized were treated by a doctor.",2.195122
"the queen and princess margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the queen mother's 90th birthday in august 1990. pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance which was recorded on a cassette tape. the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time, which were incredibly popular when the queen and her sister were growing up."," the queen played the cassette on the piano to make sure it had a perfect tone.",2.529412
"when a man arrived at a hospital in india complaining of a stomach ache, doctors suspected it might be a run-of-the-mill case of food poisoning or an ulcer. however they were amazed to find the man had actually swallowed hundreds of coins and nails. over a three year period rajpal singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries."," when the authorities discovered the hoard, raja singhi, 34, was in a dazed state and was taken to a hospital for a medical check up.",2.187500
"a russian-ukrainian film about a legendary soviet sniper nicknamed `lady death 'is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis that has turned the former allies against each other. titled` battle for sevastopol' in russia but `indestructible 'across the border in ukraine, the movie -- about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops -- is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived. and despite the freeze in ties between the former soviet nations that has seen ukraine ban a slew of modern russian films, the $5million -lrb- # 3m -rrb- movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both moscow and kiev."," and it will also be shown at the premiere of` s russian-ukranese movie `indistinguishable` in russia and at the russian-fbi -lrb-` s annual meeting in kiev.",2.340426
"although hillary clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million twitter followers, not even a vast right-wing conspiracy would be able to interact with 2 million of them. according to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of her twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform."," her followers have been described in a recent article by a prominent conservative blogger as 'people who are not real' by many in the conservative world .",2.793103
"leigh griffiths sure knows how to finish. and, in passing, how to make a point. left on the bench for wednesday night's home clash with kilmarnock, perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting xi for sunday's scottish cup semi-final against inverness, the celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory."," The result, and the subsequent criticism of the players, has been met in a manner that has made some people feel they are on the verge of a riot at home.",2.428571
"deep in rural south africa, a terrifying white supremacist movement is brainwashing teenagers to rise up in defiance of nelson mandela's hard-fought dream of a rainbow nation. the far-right afrikaner resistance movement -lrb- awb -rrb- is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state. by day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from `the millions of blacks trying to kill you '."," the training is conducted at a military base where soldiers are taught to shoot at black people, as if they were a plague.",2.200000
"testimony got under way tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012. shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12, 2012, of 29-year-old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights, ohio. hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her, but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten `the nose job he wanted."," Posted by katy at 8/15 KATE, Ky.",2.562500
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- after a weekend shipwreck off the coast of italy that may have killed hundreds of migrants, the international organization for migrants said monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters. authorities still don't know the fate of many of the passengers, including children, who were on the large ship bound from libya to europe that capsized saturday night in the frigid waters of the mediterranean sea. that sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages."," the dead included some of the most vulnerable of migrants, including children, who are being held in makeshift camps along with their families and are being fed by the locals.",1.969697
"louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men, using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. the united boss said: `it was of course an error from me that i give too much minutes to my substitutes. it is not so wise."," we have to improve and improve.'",2.571429
"rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: `it's only fair that men should have it all. 'the clip, which was created by the make it fair project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood, which means that, more often than not, males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry's most important positions.` we won't relent'til it's 100 per cent,' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa.","`the video also takes a dig at the gender wage gaps that exist across the globe, as male workers often take a much longer period of time in the job market before they find a new partner, according to the report.",2.600000
"in the ancient inca kingdom, the wheel was yet to be invented, iron was foreign and steel was unheard of. so when the incas needed to travel across the andes, they did so on handwoven rope bridges, stretched over gorges and rivers. five hundred years later, just one of the inca rope bridges remains: the keshwa chaca, which spans the apurimac river near huinchiri, peru, in the province of canas.","  the bridge is a marvel to behold, the length of which can be measured in inches, and the width is about the same as a large house.",1.906250
"a trucker has been caught on camera launching an extraordinary foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after a crash along the m6. in footage shot from a dashboard camera on sunday, the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. eventually the car towing the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road - believed to be junction 8 with the m5, near birmingham."," The driver was not harmed in the crash but the driver and his car were left with damage to their vehicles.",2.217391
"when tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships today she might have been hoping to steal a little of the limelight from the prime minister. however, the businesswoman and apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty, helping mr cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak, before sitting politely with it on the sidelines. baroness brady, who is also the government's small business ambassador, was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark, nottinghamshire, to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people."," she was also seen in a white coat as she arrived at the site of the training centre, where young people have already received an apprenticeship in the new car park, with her husband standing in for her.",2.547619
"rampant lazio carry an eight-game winning streak in serie a into saturday's match at league leaders juventus. the biancoceleste, who have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six italian league games, will attempt to solidify their grip on second place. a victory would leave them nine points behind juve with seven games remaining."," joshua bernardi's club sit third in the table but are currently without an away win in all competitions.",2.458333
"an amorous italian couple have been fined # 9,000 for having such noisy sex that it forced their neighbours to move out. the pair, who are in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the `raucous screams' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in the northern town of san martino. their long-suffering neighbours, who first took them to court in 2009, described the wails of passion as` deafening 'and said it kept them and their two children awake."," the pair were ordered to pay $5,600 in compensation, which has been reduced to just $1 by the judge.",2.200000
"on february 14, 1998, new kid on the block michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough. doing so on the most romantic day of the year was fitting for the division's newest heartthrob. the expectation surrounding owen escalated, and the intro for the next day's report in the liverpool echo said it all: `brazil have ronaldo."," the next few weeks will be interesting.",2.250000
"after years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences, watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground. steeped in human misery, these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews, gypsies, homosexuals, nazi opponents and the disabled, sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime. diarist anne frank, and her sister margot, also died here."," in this harrowing account of the camp's destruction, the authors reveal the horrific truth behind how the camp was used by Hitler.",2.280000
"west ham are discussing a deal for jamaican starlet deshane beckford after he impressed on trial. the skilful 17-year-old forward from montego bay united was invited to train with west ham's academy earlier this month and has impressed coaches after spending two weeks with the club. beckford also has offers from clubs in belgium."," - West Ham are ready for a deal to sign Deshone Williams.",2.125000
"last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show's latest addition. within ten minutes of tomorrow night's episode, fans will see aidan turner's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. as sunday night's latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman -- but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market."," as a bonus feature, we've put together a list that details what you need on the lookout, from a look at the cast, the new characters to a few of the show's most intriguing moments.",2.390244
"the snp will help make ed miliband prime minister even if labour finish 40 seats behind the tories at the general election, nicola sturgeon said last night. the scottish first minister said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7. while mr miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp, ms sturgeon's remarks raise the prospect of labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the tories."," sturgeons statement on how to win back Labour's votes is likely to anger David Cameron who believes his own coalition with a minority Labour government will win enough seats in next month's election in the hope he can form one of three possible coalition governments.",2.640000
"whether it is through sir bradley wiggins, geraint thomas or ian stannard, ireland's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling's monuments. with the two major cobbled classics - the tour of flanders and paris-roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends, it is time to see the early results of sir dave brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the spring classics in his second five-year plan for team sky. with wiggins electing to sign off his team sky career with an appearance at paris-roubaix on april 12, the races are bound to be a big part of the team's season whatever the outcome."," with this year being his last season for team sky, it is a big ask for davis rove to take his place on the podium with this kind of result.",2.705882
"lix bussey, 23, from durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in mexico with her boyfriend. a young primary school teacher has died after she was run down buy a car at the end of a mexican holiday when just hours earlier she had texted she was having `best time ever '. the family of alix bussey, 23, said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left devastated by her death."," alx is believed by her family and friends as a caring, kind woman.",2.500000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems. the cockpit is our ""safe"" place. the flight deck is a structured world of black and white."," and we all have to work on some level to make sure that we don't let ourselves get distracted by the details and the noise.",2.296296
"jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against chelsea, even after taking a huge step towards the barclays premier league title on saturday. eden hazard's first-half goal gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over manchester united, but there was controversy when united were denied a late penalty. ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill but referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived.","  marcelo jansen's goal gave the league leaders their fifth victory this year in the league, while marcelo jansen was denied a second penalty  marcello johanos was denied another late goal by the officials as Manchester united claimed their fifth consecutive league crown  marcelofuente's shot was saved well, with the visitors unable to clear a shot from the top of the area that would not only put Manchester United ahead, but also give the hosts an early lead  marcelojane's shot from the penalty area was saved superbly for the hosts , with the visitors unable to clear a corner .",2.323308
"the new honda civic which the japanese car firm's uk factory in swindon will be exporting to the world -- including japan and the usa -- was unveiled in america tonight. the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show. it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic, supported by a new # 200million investment."," The car's bodywork has also been designed to be light yet powerful, and the front fowlers have all gone to # 200 million to meet the needs.",2.823529
"a married maths teacher at max clifford's old school is facing jail for groping a 15-year-old pupil in his car. paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a `serious' breach of his position of trust at rydens school in hersham, surrey. guildford crown court heard the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car."," He then drove home, and drove back to school and asked to speak to the student in his own car, she said yesterday.",2.692308
"when president obama met usain bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark `lightning pose '. during the encounter on thursday, obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying` nobody's ever been faster than this guy. ever... of all the billions of people."," he could not contain himself and said 'he is the most powerful man of the 20th Century.'",2.400000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- april 27 is celebrated as freedom day in south africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994 election which saw nelson mandela elected as president. the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid, a system of racial segregation implemented by the white-minority government in south africa for decades. this year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in april in which a number of people lost their lives."," in addition to the attacks on refugees, the attacks were carried out by right- wing extremists, including an attempted bomb attack in a restaurant which was also claimed to have been perpetrated by the far- right.",2.146341
"two britons may be among seven people who were killed when a light aircraft crashed in the dominican republic today. the foreign office is looking into reports that two british citizens were among the six passengers on the small plane which crashed in the punta cana region of the caribbean island. the accident is believed to have happened at about 8.","30am localtime, and the pilot of said aircraft has been confirmed dead by local authorities and the crash investigation will be ongoing for the next 24 hrs.",2.451613
"chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london, according to undercover police teams. gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings, according to the plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area. in one example metropolitan police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas."," ""They were very aggressive,"" said one of those involved, who declined to be named to maintain his anonymity, adding: ""We've stopped them a number more times than we can even remember.",2.128205
"a white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives, he told the court during his first appearance on tuesday. `doing time's the easy part, you know what i'm saying? 'kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach, florida.","` He was sentenced last week to 20-years to life for the killing.",2.187500
"cancer-stricken basketball player lauren hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5 million. lauren, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor."," ""It is very hard, especially for a young person with this disease,"" she says of the cancerous mass on the side of her head that has spread to the inside of her brain.",2.384615
"a new video that shows homeless people reading out cruel tweets that have been written about them is guaranteed to form a lump in your throat. the clip, which was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans, is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough. many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'i hate the homeless, i don't feel sorry for you,' and 'i saw a homeless girl across the street."," i thought it must be a bad dream.'",2.111111
"sexy lingerie brand frederick's of hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations, now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with victoria's secret. the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations, with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online, the los angeles times reported on thursday. `we no longer have store locations, 'reads the brand's website, which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products."," ""the brick and mortar locations are now open for customers to shop online, ' reads the site, but the online store does not include lingerie, which was once a core element of the brand's appeal.""",2.190476
"a former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink. rugby prop dale forrest, 26, of bolton, would sink up to 12 pints a night, but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends. in december 2013, the bank teller decided to ditch the booze, give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym."," , 24, of Bolting, said: ""I'm still not 100 per cent.",2.105263
"it's a sport with a truly global reach as these images of children, amateurs and professional stars playing cricket show. the stunning shots make up the short-list for the wisden -- mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014, which was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis. his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia's james faulkner during last year's icc world twenty20 competition in bangladesh."," a few days later, the young batsmen and spinners take up the challenge at home.",2.578947
"this is the photograph circulating on social media site snapchat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school. the picture, taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college, south-west of melbourne, is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. in the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen."," the caption says: ""a principal watching pornography on her laptop, on his computer, while she was on-theclock.",2.400000
"they say a moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips. and now we reveal the true cost of indulging this easter. just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar."," but the cost is only $1 for the first year.",2.500000
"he could have put it anywhere really. stuck it away simply, without too much fuss. yes, there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target, not a blue shirt in range, the odds were most certainly with luis suarez.","  the game, the players, and their passion for playing for their club  it was a moment of truth , and a chance for luís suarez to prove his doubters right by winning his side a trophy for his club.",2.411765
"a young irish rugby star escaped serious injury when his home was targeted by a gunman who fired multiple bullets through his windows. adam mcburney, who has been capped for the ireland under-20s and recently played in their six nations campaign, was not at his home in cromkill in county antrim, northern ireland when it was targeted on easter sunday. shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property, after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls."," he was rushed by his mum and dad, to hospital in Antwerp where the injuries are serious.",2.428571
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama says he is ""absolutely committed to making sure"" israel maintains a military advantage over iran. his comments to the new york times, published on sunday, come amid criticism from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of the deal that the united states and five other world powers struck with iran. tehran agreed to halt the country's nuclear ambitions, and in exchange, western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the iran's economy."," ""If there's one country that's more important in the region than Israel,"" Obama told his interviewer ""and I think they're right,"" Obama said to The Washington Times, the nation ""hasn' been better.""",2.704545
"an italian woman accused of carrying out acid attacks on her ex-boyfriends was desperate to `purge 'her previous relationships, a milan court heard. martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher, 30, planned to throw` corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to even if just by a kiss, it was claimed. the 23-year-old, who was reportedly a student at milan's private bocconi university, also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in may 2014, prosecutors alleged."," but after being arrested in May 2015, it is alleged, Levato told investigators she was `purge-minded` after being rejected by her previous relationships.",2.375000
"us aviation authorities have launched an investigation to find out whether a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a neighbourhood in a pennsylvania town. several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning. residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead, and have complained to the federal aviation administration -lrb- faa -rrb-."," The area around town has been closed off while authorities investigate.",2.166667
"louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men, using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. the united boss said: `it was of course an error from me that i give too much minutes to my substitutes. it is not so wise."," i hope that the players will understand what happened.",2.100000
"the family of a charity worker who drowned while volunteering to help youngsters in one of south africa's poorest townships have paid tribute to their `bubbly tomboy '. summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in december near kenton-on-sea, a small town on the country's south-eastern coast. miss robertson was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group, at a remote camping resort."," the group was partway up the coast when they were confronted by fierce current.",2.187500
"they spent the weekend larking around enjoying easter together. but new reports have suggested that all is not as rosy as it might seem when it comes to katie price and kieran hayler's marriage. indeed, it was reported today in closer magazine that katie still regularly checks kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out, following his cheating scandal last year."," but, as a friend has told us before (and again in this thread), this is not the first or only time that this is going on between the three of them.",2.314286
"hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house: the nation's largest lesbian political action committee. the group, lpac, launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. lesbians4hillary, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king, said: `hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community.","` lpac also said: `Hillary clinds has proven she has strong relationships to women, the LGBT community.",2.666667
"a sydney teenage girl last seen leaving for school 40 years ago probably ran away and may still be alive, a coronial inquest has found. marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney in early april 1975 after telling a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus. the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared, magistrate sharon freund said in findings handed down on thursday."," she had been in and out in andout since then, she said but no trace had yet led to her being found alive.",2.423077
"unsurprisingly, the champions league and europa league draws have dominated the headlines on the continent - especially in spain and italy who make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both european competitions. in italy, juventus' semi-final with real madrid has been likened to a pair of films with tuttosport comparing the clash to `star wars' complete with cristiano ronaldo and mauro icardi brandishing lightsabers, while corriere dello sport confidently claim it's` mission possible '. la gazetta dello sport are equally bold in their conviction that the old lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won, which seems to pin hopes on former manchester city striker carlos tevez."," ""I think it could go to extra-time and if we can get it to go to extra-time and win the game we are ready to go to the Champions League,"" tevez told the paper.",2.214286
"mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday, accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh. `everyone saw what happened during the bangladesh-india match... india has influenced the outcome of the match using its position -lrb- in the icc -rrb-, 'kamal, a bangladeshi, said at the airport on his return from the tournament in australia.` from now on, i am a former president of the icc."," kamil kant, an india cricket fan, was appointed president by a committee headed by india's president Pranay Muthu.",2.612903
"sian harkin, 54, gave # 30,000 to a builder using the school chequebook claiming the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, when the work was actually carried out at her home. a headteacher who secretly tried to use a school chequebook to pay for thousands of pounds worth of work to be carried out at her family home has been jailed. married mother-of-two sian harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling # 30,000 to her builder claiming the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, wales."," the judge told her: ""you were a good and good-looking woman, with good looks, who used to work as a head teacher at a primary, then a secondary, and in the last three years you have been a headteacher and then in 2009-2009 you were an assistant headmaster.""",2.435484
"andre blackman hides his face outside hammersmith magistrates court. a former celtic star tried to dodge performing unpaid work for shoplifting from harrods - after claiming it would disrupt his search for a new club. andre blackman, 24, who now plays for doomed championship side blackpool fc, stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge."," he had been told by a shop worker the jacket would cost £50.",2.266667
"as jeremy clarkson continues to battle to save his career after being sacked form top gear, his estranged wife has been enjoying a family break in the caribbean. frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxed on a beach in barbados. the 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter in the skimpy swimsuit, which was covered in a black palm tree print."," ""it was amazing and I was just enjoying myself,"" she said of the day.",2.058824
"it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents, when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror, that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england."," andersen is the best goal keeper in the world.",2.416667
"restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. an australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full `dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'. in a scathing article, long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed."," The former restaurant critic, who worked with his wife at the festival in 2003, claimed living in Tasmania meant that he didn` t have the time to cook.",2.666667
"the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff.","  the emails released this weekend show that when it comes to kitzhals relationship to his wife, cylvia hayes became an extremely active part and played a significant part.",2.405405
"franck ribery has dismissed reports linking wolfsburg forward kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the former france international or his team-mate arjen robben. de bruyne, who spent his two years at chelsea largely on loan before joining the second-placed bundesliga club, has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 -- seven more than the next best. but ribery says despite his impressive form the 23-year-old belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under pep guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the holland winger."," ""If you are not a striker, then it is hard to play,"" said ribery.",2.200000
"john carver says he would walk away from newcastle united if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment. supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs in protest at mike ashley's running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition. newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies and, in the wake of sunday 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland, the owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism."," the club's management have been criticised repeatedly and have been warned that they must improve their record of winning games if they wish to avoid relegation.",2.178571
"mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities, according to a report in nation's restaurant news. but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand."," the startup says it has already secured funding to bring the feature to more markets, including Seattle.",2.578947
"cheesy slogans such as `reach for the stars' could be detrimental to pupils, it has been claimed. carl hendrick, head of learning and research at wellington college, berkshire, has attacked the` tidal wave of guff 'in classrooms. these `missives in mediocrity' often tell pupils to` live your dream 'and `you can do it' and` be all that you can be '."," He added: ""if the messages are not effective, it's not because pupils don't understand how education is supposed a good thing.""",2.703704
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you cared deeply about something, would you protest? make a sign? join a demonstration?"," -rr-  I think that we should be concerned about the consequences to our environment if we ignore the facts, but I think the same should apply if the science is wrong, so it is a matter of personal conscience to make sure that we have a choice to either believe what we are told or refuse to believe whatever is told to them, even if we think they are correct.",2.423077
"any parent will tell you that life is their child's party and they'll cry if they want to - especially if they are made to do something they don't feel inclined to. a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these `awful 'that things parents do to their children - such as giving them a bath -lrb- how dare they -rrb-, putting them in their high chair -lrb- so mean -rrb-, and even giving them cookies -lrb- what a truly evil thing to do -rrb-. # a ** holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction."," I'm going out on a high limb here with my prediction that these hashtagged images will go global - the hashtag # # # # will become the # _____ ____ # # # # _____ # # # #.",2.510638
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- a year after isis became a household name in america, using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al qaeda and its affiliates for jihadist adherents, u.s. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded."," The rise of Islamic State has been largely driven out by the prosecution of its members and supporters for crimes including murder, rape or other serious crimes, according to a report released by a group of law professors Monday evening.",2.279070
"justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been `furious' with him after a bungled first date. mrs miliband, 44, has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was` good looking 'and `unattached'. but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their` mutual friend '- understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders."," she claims the pair were married in a secret ceremony and were told to get on their wedding cake by the then Labour prime minister Gordon Balfour.",2.800000
"new satellite images have revealed that china has constructed an airstrip on a stretch of disputed territory in the south china sea - and could be planning to build another. they reveal the country's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested fiery cross reef which the philippines, vietnam, malaysia, brunei and taiwan all claim. china's building activity in the spratly islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states whose leadership accused the country of bullying others with its `military muscle '."," Changsha is home of the two main islands - Diaoyutaa and Senkshanj - while the Sprats is an archipelagewhatever they are - a tiny, uninhabited strip off the north coast.",2.693878
"charged with four offences: sunderland footballer adam johnson arrives to answer bail at peterlee police station in county durham yesterday. an england footballer was yesterday charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. adam johnson, 27, who plays in the premier league for sunderland and has represented his country 12 times, faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted."," a second player from a team that is also based in the UK, defender, was yesterday jailed for four months for indecent exposure.",2.653846
"st mirren skipper steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole. the scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at saints' renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on thursday. gary teale's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill when veteran thompson lost possession to mcginn and stumbled into two poles which were intended for the players to run through."," teal has since apologised to skipper steves, saying he was trying to get the team to focus on playing rugby.",2.280000
"this is the moment an unlucky man was gored between the legs by a rampaging bull after being knocked to the ground during a bullrunning celebration in spain. the unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal, trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars when the angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor. and despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns as he tried to scramble away."," a local bull owner rushed in and managed to save the man, but as he collapsed on himself, he was left with a deep puncture wound.",2.566667
"floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand. one fan, ade adebayo, 34, from brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week and here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight."," if u don't believe me check this link out: http  floridabook.",2.700000
"parma pulled off the biggest surprise of the season as the crisis-hit club beat runaway leaders juventus 1-0 in serie a, inflicting what was only the second defeat of the campaign for massimiliano allegri's side. jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark, while a string of fine saves from parma goalkeeper antonio mirante also helped roberto donadoni's side to a memorable win. parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season, but they has now strung a series of positive results together, with a 1-0 victory over udinese midweek and last weekend's 1-1 draw at inter milan."," The Italian giants were without captain daniela fucicini and captain giovanni dall'amato after sustaining injuries against mamma.",2.838710
"earlier this week, brazilian commuter nelson felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform. he proceeded to take a photo, and express his disapproval on facebook, after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours. in the picture, taken on a train platform in rio de janeiro, two women hug and gaze into each others' eyes, but the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes."," the image features a woman holding a baby with her hand, and another with two men, with the caption: ""This is what it's all come to""  i think this is the perfect time to remind you of some other images you may have missed in your commute.",2.232143
"she's a glamorous model making her name by spinning records in london's party scene, but until she was 18 munroe bergdorf was a boy called ian. the beautiful dj, 27, from east london, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london - made famous by megastar rihanna. but now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens."," she was diagnosed in 2013 with gender identity disorder and has had her hormone treatments since then.",2.277778
"paul gascoigne's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london and had her phone which reportedly had private texts from the former england midfielder stolen. former model bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone. the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought back."," biancoigne then called a friend who then called the police.",1.785714
"paul scholes has told raheem sterling to stay at liverpool and continue his development. sterling said on wednesday that he was not ready to sign a new # 100,000-a-week deal at liverpool and described links with arsenal as `quite flattering '. former manchester united midfielder scholes hailed sterling as a good player but says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club and not play."," ' I think if you are at the top level and your goal is always to score, you should always play every week and be a good footballer and not play every game.",2.342857
"apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus, but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. to address these issues, the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops."," the job openings will begin on August 12 and run until August 28, but there's no sign of an official announcement yet, with the company saying ""We are excited that Apple and the battery community is so active and passionate about battery technology.""",2.520833
"google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped. most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. it was the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google inc."," gave its founder a whopping $9 billion.",2.111111
"manager steve evans has revealed rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend. the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week as they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday after his youth loan had expired and the paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly. they have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate after the league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at `the earliest opportunity ', while also indicating that the club will be open to the` full range of punishments', which includes a potential points deduction."," evans was asked if a points charge is on the table, and if there could be a possibility that a points deduction could be handed up, but was unable to offer an indication as to the exact sanction the club could be facing, and instead said he did believe rotherham had been ""slightly lucky"" in not receiving a suspension from the league before the game against the london academy.",2.587500
"a four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local tv despite having bandaged wounds. jayden wingler of phoenix, arizona, was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. while on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions."," the clip has garnered almost 4,000 views on Youtube and is already garnering over 1.",2.315789
"an aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death. leonie granger, 25, targeted playboy mehmet hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london's west end. the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants."," leo grangers, a married man whose family lives in the city centre, was convicted after police revealed she offered to pay him for his services.",2.600000
"roger federer spent less than one hour on court in his monte carlo opener with a 6-2, 6-1 win over jeremy chardy. federer, who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training, played his first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march. and he did not look rusty, hitting 19 winners to dispatch an opponent who beat him last year in rome."," The match featured a very similar style of play to last week, with federer and chiddy playing to the point where feder was able to hit his own shot.",2.228571
"former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc's have i got news for you later this month. the tv personality was due to record the show, which he has hosted in the past, on april 23 to be broadcast the following day. the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a `fracas' at a hotel over dinner."," but now we know, the episode was scrapped due to 'personal problems.'",2.800000
"a man arrested by police investigating the disappearance and suspected murder of chef claudia lawrence has been released from bail. pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. north yorkshire police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation."," ""This is an extraordinary release from a person arrested for a serious offence that could potentially result in serious injury or death,"" a spokesperson said.",2.571429
"robbie savage has taken to twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends, as he tries to lose the flab. the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his `podgy 'label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called` glory days.' he posted the photo on twitter saying: '12 weeks."," I'm back on track, I've got my diet in place, and I can't believe it's all come full-circle!",2.518519
"a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video. jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend's father mark harris. the 23-year-old, who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing, is captured standing before her stretching his muscles."," he asks his father-of-one girlfriend to join his running partner and the pair begin their race together.",2.454545
"war veteran: arthur townsend, 92, supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates' court as he admitted criminal damage. a 92-year-old second world war veteran has avoided jail despite pouring paint stripper over a van owned by a female friend's son because of the way he treated her. arthur townsend, who lives in a care home in epping, essex, poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter, 96."," carter's mother, lucy mcdowell, was in her home on the day the attack took hold and did not witness it but said it had been ""horrific, disgusting and unspeakeable"".",2.422222
"finding discounted flights tends to be hit or miss for most vacationers, but one savvy traveler has managed to plan out an entire two-month trip that will barely cost him a cent. scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights, stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service. all this for free.","  and while scotte does not have the most luxurious accommodations on the continent, his budget has been saved by not having a hotel in his first destination and being able to use a car.",2.605263
"the archbishop of canterbury -lrb- above -rrb- yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists - days after an attack in kenya killed 150 people. the archbishop of canterbury yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists. in the wake of the slaughter of christian students in kenya and the barbarity of islamic state militants, the most reverend justin welby said the dead were `martyrs'."," in an interview, he said the victims were `martyrs of the enemy` - the same group which carriedout recent assaults against Jews and homosexuals in Europe.",2.531250
"an independent panel of concussion experts formed by the football association will meet for the first time in may. the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer. head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013, with new rules introduced at the start of the current barclays premier league season stating a player suffering a head injury must leave the pitch and only be allowed to return if cleared by a club doctor."," The Football Association will also be looking at how to improve the way the game can be monitored in order to prevent players being injured in the process.",2.066667
"lionel messi is not the best player in the world, neither is cristiano ronaldo - that title belongs to paris saint-germain forward javier pastore, according to eric cantona. making a rare foray into discussing football matters, manchester united legend cantona delivered his surprising verdict that the argentine was the `most creative 'player in the world.` the best player in the world, the most exciting player in the world, is -lsb- javier -rsb- pastore from paris saint-germain,' said cantona, `why?"," because it's a beautiful game.'",2.714286
"shannen hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in australia, not that she really considers them animals. the 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne, has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. but her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language."," she says that her farm has become the center of ""the wild animal movement"", as it was originally conceived by animals.",3.083333
"randy lerner will attend aston villa's fa cup final against arsenal after missing the victory over liverpool at wembley because of a family bereavement. villa chief executive tom fox said the american owner was delighted by the 2-1 win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the atlantic. fox, who sacked paul lambert and hired tim sherwood, said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club."," lerney's win was a big step forward for a side who had lost four of six and who had failed in their last three attempts at the FAU Cup and cup finals.",2.540541
"an amazing map revealed by nasa has shown where lightning occurs most on earth. the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. and the results show that the highest amounts of lightning flashes occur in the far eastern democratic republic of congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela."," the map shows lightning as an extremely powerful storm system and it is possible that lightning strikes can occur from many places on earth.",2.360000
"chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time. the announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments. some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to `select 'the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren."," the researchers claim the experiment was not meant to alter human DNA.",2.692308
"billionaire paul allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world's biggest plane. the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled `vulcan aerospace ', which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems. this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -lrb- 117 metres -rrb-."," the space company will build a fleet of satellites for the space industry, with space agency Nasa and the UK Government funding the project.""",2.538462
"eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch tvs at the opening of a new aldi store. the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in avlaston, derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning. more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut."," it's understood that the store has been closed since 9, with staff unable to access the premises due to a power outage.",2.280000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- boston native mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed, deadline reported wednesday. wahlberg's film, to be titled ""patriots' day,"" is being produced by cbs films, which linked to the deadline article from its website. according to deadline, wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis, who retired after the attack in 2013."," The film is set for release sometime in 2014.",2.200000
"hillary clinton `whooped 'for joy at the birth of her granddaughter before she saw bill becoming tearful in the hospital waiting room, she has revealed. the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. in the new chapter, shared by the huffington post on friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.","  clinton's remarks, which were first reported by CNN, were part in a new book that details her struggles with postparturition depression.",2.266667
"a former democratic congressional aide who pleaded guilty last year to raping two women was spared jail time on friday because horrific disfiguring injuries he suffered in an unrelated 2013 acid attack. donny ray williams, who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee, slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. that same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say."," the victim was hospitalized and has since died from her wounds.",2.166667
"it tells the story of coal miners in a tough working-class community in wales. and it seems the film pride was a little overwhelming for soft-hearted hampstead socialist ed miliband. the labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife justine watched a dvd of the 2014 movie starring bill nighy and imelda staunton.","  the film is also based around a family of coalminer miners who come across a young girl who is a member on the miners' association council.",2.343750
"prince andrew will not face court action in the us over claims he had sex with an under-age girl, after a florida judge ruled her claims must be struck out. virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew's friend jeffrey epstein, a convicted paedophile and sex offender. but last night judge kenneth marra ordered her claims that she was a `sex slave 'to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be` struck from the record'."," 'I have ordered that the claims against andrew will no long remain a viable matter, in order to avoid the appearance to be in a legal battle with the Duke,' she ruled, as a final blow.",2.952381
"after drawing praise for india's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen, minister of state for external affairs v.k singh, who is spearheading the rescue exercise, found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat."," the minister's remarks had been widely reported in newspapers and television channels and were widely condemned by media.",2.050000
"this is the moment a terrified spring-breaker freaked out and begged for help - to escape from a harmless sea cow. the swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away. footage, taken with the help of a selfie-stick, starts by showing the girl's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature."," as it swoops down on the unsuspecting swimmer, a huge, hairy, black-faced sea cow appears and begins to attack the girl - before leaping on top, licking off its victim's face.",2.585366
"siem de jong is targeting newcastle's home clash with swansea later this month for a return to senior action after an eight-month injury nightmare. the 26-year-old holland international midfielder played 45 minutes for the club's under-21s team on wednesday evening after competing his recovery from surgery to repair a collapsed lung. head coach john carver has hinted that de jong could even make the 18 for sunday's barclays premier league fixture against tottenham at st james' park, and while the dutchman has not ruled that out, his sights are set the swans' visit to tyneside on the following weekend."," , the former skipper is set for a comeback to the Premier League after his latest injury, and the former England international has been told by his surgeon to expect the same type treatment as he did after he sustained a crux injury in January 2015, and has been told to expect his return in a week or so, according the former England midfielder.",2.305556
"a flaw in robots designed to perform surgery has been found that lets them be easily hacked, according to researchers. the experts were able to take control of a so-called telerobot during surgery by exploiting a simple programming trick. this enabled them to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation, making it impossible for the machines to carry out a procedure as directed."," they could, in fact, do so without the help or knowledge that a surgeon usually gives them.",2.450000
"with the premier league season entering its final stretch, focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june."," There has been much speculation about the future of the Liverpool striker Divock Ennistreijo, who is currently on loan with MKdonalda in Norway, but reports have already surfaced suggesting EnNistreija is set to leave Liverpool, with the striker's future currently up to his agent.",2.296875
"a massachusetts police department was forced to pay a $500 bitcoin ransom to hackers who encrypted vital records on their computer network. tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files. the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer."," this program encrypt all data sent to or from the victim computer.",2.538462
"cristiano ronaldo didn't have too much joy with his trademark free-kicks during real madrid's victory over neighbours atletico this week - but it didn't stop him from showing his compassionate side. the portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece, but even the best in the business occasionally get it wrong. in the white-hot atmosphere of the santiago bernabeu prior to wednesday night's second-leg champions league quarter-final, when every minute of preparation is key, there was still time for ronaldo to display a small but heartfelt act of kindness."," ""I am happy to be here with the best in football, the best in football history, to play for them,"" said the player, who was named to the Spain squad for the World Club Cup.",2.414634
"a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery attack in rome. andrew mogni, 20, from glen ellyn, illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january. he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on sunday."," he had been working as a security guard at the university since spring.",1.785714
"tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane with demolition beginning on the final opponent to the move, archway sheet metal works. spurs plan to open a new `world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time, and having secured the appropriate planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order, progress is being made. the north london club's neighbours, archway sheet metal works, fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development but having failed with an appeal earlier this year, their premises are beginning to be demolished."," the plans are now to have their roof removed, and the demolition to begin, with the demolition work to be completed by September.",2.461538
"two brothers who died after one of the boys shot the other then turned the gun on himself have been laid to rest in a joint funeral. kevin pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson, florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life. the injured brother, 16-year-old trevor, attended the boys' funeral at st."," christmas cemetery in st louisa but had not seen them since.",2.428571
"west ham manager sam allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after marko arnautovic's 95th-minute equaliser saw the hammers drop points for the second game in a row. allardyce's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months but having already had two goals ruled out for offside, arnautovic eventually punished the fading hosts to earn a draw. aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park but after a strong start it was stoke who ended up dominating and they left with a deserved point."," with the visitors now in fourth place in the table, there will be no rush for the Hams to lift their Champions Cup challenge.",2.407407
"edwin `jock 'mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her. an army recruitment sergeant who is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her. edwin` jock' mee, who worked at the military base in croydon, south london, allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the army and locked the doors of the room they were in."," the girl was taken to an undisclosed address, but her alleged attacker was arrested on Wednesday.",2.333333
"all schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers, union officials have said. the `hospital waiting-room-style 'signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families. research from the nasuwt union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils."," a study by researchers at Newcastle university found that more teachers are physically assaulted than verbally abused.",2.222222
"it has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the uk. thousands of the 165ft towers line the land, spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat's cradle of high-voltage cables. but their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday -- complete with a pair of distinctive `earrings'.","  a group of architects were at the forefront of design in creating a modern and stylish design for the new tower which would have taken up half the land at the foot of Whitehall Bridge.",2.512821
"le manoir aux quat `saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject... nestled in the green rolling hills of the chilterns, le manoir is a striking building; a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles, and boasting tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria. it is beautiful - and it's impossible not to gawp. the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures -lrb- including a scarecrow based on blanc himself -rrb-, pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden - which supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs, salads and vegetables."," le monde has never been happier to have me on as guest chef - and we have had a few drinks - it's a good time to be alive.",2.562500
"stornaway, scotland -lrb- cnn -rrb- huge military exercises are underway off and around britain's coast, but nato insists they are not a deliberate response to the russian military's increasingly brazen behavior. the british-led war games are code named joint warrior and the numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft. nato says the planning started long before russia began behaving as an adversary."," but what the military is doing is more of an attempt to test its own capabilities.",2.588235
"driving around in their mother's consular bmw in miami to shoot up homes and steal hordes of marijuana: this was the indulgent life of two wealthy teenage sons of a canadian diplomat. but the antics of 15-year-old marc and 17-year-old jean wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead. marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder."," his brother was gunned down as the two of them walked down the sidewalk to his house in an attempt to buy drugs.",2.541667
"rangers boss stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their premiership return. the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship, with a one-point advantage over hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from queen of the south. finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions hearts would spare the ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs, with the teams finishing third and fourth facing off over two legs before taking on the second tier's runners-up."," mcconnell has insisted it won't be a problem for them to be on track to win the league, saying ""if we're playing well in our league games, we'll be fine.",2.575000
"disgruntled: marc macrae, who was election agent for the snp's westminster leader angus robertson, said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. a former snp aide claimed the party treated him `worse than a terrorist 'after his cancer diagnosis and has urged scots to vote tory. marc macrae, who was election agent for the snp's westminster leader angus robertson, said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him."," a formerly ssnp assistant said the snp showed a ""disrespect"" towards him, but he is now campaigning for a ssnps leadership bid.",2.406250
"with its carefully controlled, stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans, the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring. but not if you are on nick clegg's tour, where the lib dem leader has boarded his bright yellow `fun bus' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities which today saw him try his hand at ten-pin bowling. aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives.","  ""He has been doing it in his usual form, with the same tired, repetitive slogans,"" says one aide, who is a former press secretary to Tony Blair.",2.171429
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- saturday's deadly earthquake in nepal was the ""big one"" experts were waiting for based on the region's history. earthquakes are a fact of life in the south asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, geologist and science journalist kate ravilious said. with the last major earthquake in 1934, the concern was not if, but when the next ""great"" earthquake would hit, said ravilious, author of the 2014 article, ""kathmandu's earthquake nightmare.","  In the past, earthquakes that were as strong or stronger in the area than the Nepal earthquake were often labeled ""big.""",2.576923
"travelling with a pet can be a stressful and expensive ordeal, but delta air lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease when their pet is in the carrier below. the new pet gps system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time, from monitoring the temperature below, to whether their cage is upright or askew. the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp."," in partnership with the US government, with a goal towards helping reduce traffic congestion.",2.875000
"raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. but one critter ran into a spot of bother when he went on a romp around the urban jungle this week. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning."," he was so stuck, he had to be helped from atop that pole.",2.266667
"ed miliband will announce plans for first-time buyers to pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000. first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000 and have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government, ed miliband will say today. mr miliband will say labour's reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers -- saving them up to # 5,000 in tax."," he will also set out plans for a new tax-based rebate for first home buyers and a tax-based benefit to first time buyer's children in new homes and for those selling their home to buy a second home.",2.363636
"the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home. the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning."," she was wearing a grey hoody and blue denim shorts.",2.083333
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- living under isis. selling girl scout cookies. and giving some lip -- like kylie jenner."," -lrr- cnbc- kyliejenner- selling cookie jars.",2.421053
"ferrari, who are ferrari? lewis hamilton sauntered to pole position for the malaysian grand prix, nearly one second ahead of sebastian vettel's third-fastest ferrari. that said, ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet provide a threat to hamilton's supremacy."," The rest of the race went relatively well to hamwood but he was caught out with a bad start from vettel, a crash that saw vettel slip off the front wing.",2.666667
"england under 21 captain jack butland has revealed voting for team-mate harry kane as this season's pfa young player of the year and hopes the tottenham hotshot can help him emulate goalkeeping skipper iker casillas at the european championship in the czech republic this summer. butland joined his england manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael owen at st george's park on st george's day as around 35 local schoolchildren from the east midlands were put through their paces by fa skills coaches at england's plush headquarters. the 22-year-old stoke city goalkeeper is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european under 21 championship since dave sexton's team won the trophy in 1984 and kane is expected to be a big part of their team as they attempt to end 31 years of hurt."," a young player to watch is butland's young gun and he was impressed with his new teammates.",2.900000
"this is the comical moment a delirious wisdom tooth patient refuses milkshake in fear that it could - in singer kelis' words - `bring all the boys to her yard '. faith myers, 14, from nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still` high' from the procedure's anesthesia. footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread."," `It was a nightmare, it's like a nightmare,' she told a TV crew.",2.444444
"hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a melbourne lake. bol manyang, one, his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew's church in werribee on saturday morning. their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on april 8."," - Advertisement - Photo by Andrew Brown.",2.888889
"this is the moment two grinning conmen were caught on camera stealing an 80-year-old's savings from a cash machine after tricking him into handing over his bank cards and pin. the smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on march 17. the crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons."," they made him sign a form that would allow a bank to reclaim their money and he was left holding a bill of exchange and an old pin in the hand when the crook realised they had been caught when they handed the money to him in a cash machine.",2.653846
"loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general, becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official."," she also became the second black person to lead the department.",2.250000
"mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt, who killed himself a week ago, said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death. many believed that he was `hurt 'by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old's decision to take his own life.` fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt,' said edith newman, a friend for 30 years."," he said he felt very sorry and angry for him.",2.818182
"a bitter fast food war has erupted in italy after a mcdonalds' advert, which claimed italian children preferred happy meals to pizza, caused so much offence chefs are now threatening legal action. restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the us corporation, the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world, for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court. the row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza."," the advert featured a montages of happy meals and pizza in which the characters were shown smiling.",2.052632
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- marvel comics superhero hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. he's also got a secret super-talent at singing ed sheeran parodies. the ""avengers"" character -lrb- played by jeremy renner -rrb- was a guest on ""the tonight show starring jimmy fallon,"" where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills."," he's also got one of those great singing skills that you just love to hear and he also has a really good sense when it comes time to make the perfect rap song.",2.428571
"an italian model who accused harvey weinstein of groping her breasts and putting his hand up her skirt attended the hollywood mogul's new broadway show just a day after his alleged attack. ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a `business meeting 'at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night. however, the very next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland, which weinstein is producing, from the lunt-fontanne theater and posted it on her instagram."," she later said that she was shocked by how much she had gotten to learn since the incident.",2.578947
"could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier, lingering mysteriously behind this little girl? a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture, japan - `nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year."," this picture is from the same period, however, so it might be some time before these shoes can really be identified.",2.416667
"a photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images. yaakov naumi's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. naumi, 32, who was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school, admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, `look strange '."," he revealed: """"I've always been curious about these rituals.",2.615385
"ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old world war ii veteran, robert harding. carter and jack hanson, who live in raleigh, north carolina, met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston, where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before, cbs reported. it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about mr harding on their first trip to yorktown and the patriot's point museum."," the boys were thrilled with the prospect of hearing from mrs.",2.461538
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- people magazine has anointed sandra bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015, the publication revealed on wednesday. bullock, 50, joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor, including last year's cover girl, lupita nyong `o, and gwyneth paltrow in 2013. she seems to be taking it all in stride, calling the whole thing ""ridiculous."," i have no problem at all with it.""",2.333333
"louis jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast has responded to critics of his story by claiming that he avoided sunburn and blisters by staying in the vessel's cabin and that he survived by rationing food and water. louis lordan released a three-paragraph statement on monday in whcih he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray."," the man rescued from the crippled boat said in his initial statement to authorities on the scene that the vessel was drifting and drifting, he had to stay in the boat for about two hours until his rescue team got there.",2.488372
"a shocking video has emerged of isis thugs using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in iraq's unesco world heritage city of hatra. in the slickly produced seven minute footage, jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city. militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars, while eerie music plays in the background."," in a shocking scene, the video shows a jihadist smashing a pillar and breaking a wall, while one jihadist is seen using an ancient mace in a battle against the police.",2.457143
"baggage handlers at miami international airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage. the miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft, and found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft's belly. this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.","7 billion dollars worth of luggage stolen from their baggage in the past 12 years.",1.750000
"apology: clydesdale chief debbie crosbie whose rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman. a high street bank has been hit with a record # 21million fine after being caught falsifying documents to avoid compensating victims of mis-selling. now there are calls for criminal charges to be brought over an extraordinary cover-up lasting more than two years at clydesdale and yorkshire banks."," cally's chief executive, Debbie Crosbie has been forced to apologise for her actions, after she failed to tell the Financial Ombudsman, David Smith of the frauds, that the company had been warned by the watchdog of ""significant financial harm and significant potential for harm"" to victims.",2.224138
"the woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner. queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday. the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: `darling joe, happy 70th birthday 2009, love jenny '."," she has set about trying to return the ring to joes, a friend who had given it back to her as a birthday gift when she went into a hospital.",2.545455
"sometimes walking in a straight line without tripping over with just two feet is enough of a challenge. so imagine the kind of coordination it would require if you had eight legs. now scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects."," This is not the first time octopi have managed the same feat.",2.000000
"andy murray and novak djokovic are on another collision course in miami after the serbian beat david ferrer to reach the semi-finals of the miami open. with murray set to face tomas berdych in his semi-final, the man who beat him to the australian open and then again in the semis of indian wells secured his own last-four spot with a 7-5 7-5 success. ferrer made a fast start taking the opening three matches as he dominated the world number one, but he was unable to keep the pace and was eventually hunted down on his 33rd birthday."," A win by michigan's kris toder would have taken him to his first major final in a year, while a win against mouz` jakar was his last chance to reach the semi-finals.",2.382979
"jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. etan patz `is larger than his very little, important life, 'assistant district attorney joan illuzzi-orbon said in closing arguments at the manhattan murder trial of pedro hernandez. she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it."," The jury will deliberate Friday morning in Manhattan before returning on May 18.",3.000000
"robbie mcnamara is feeling `great and optimistic 'as he continues to recover from serious injuries suffered in a fall at wexford. the jockey was due to partner last year's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie's grand national at aintree, but suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day. mcnamara remains in the mater hospital in dublin and despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time to enjoy the sunshine on tuesday."," the jockey is expected to be fully recovered by Christmas.",1.666667
"a prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine is spreading on social media. the video, filmed in moon park, odessa, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the `vampire girl 'preys on unsuspecting passers-by. the young girl dressed in a white, bloodstained nightgown, waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror."," the video has been watched more than 1.",1.444444
"a busy mum sits at a table surrounded by crayons, colouring in a child's book, taking care to stay within the printed lines and fully concentrating on the task. there's nothing unusual about that, you might think, except there's not a child in sight... and the mum is simply colouring in because she wants to. grown ups reaching for the crayons is a new global trend it seems, as adults say they're attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords."," it's no surprise that the trend has spread to children.",1.916667
"nine months after she suffered horrific injuries in a brutal attack, former porn star christy mack still has to wear a wig and glasses to look herself. with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib, mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8, 2014. it was the climax, she claims, of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver, known professionally as war machine."," the following day, after being kicked and stompED by mack on the sidewalk of her home, mak went to the police and demanded to know why she had not been arrested.",2.270270
"they say you should never judge a book by it's cover, and it couldn't be more true of the tough looking, full-bodied tattooed english model stephen james hendry. the 24-year-old, better known as simply stephen james, is now quickly becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry, and one of the first ever to be a full tattooed one at that. he has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt, has starred in numerous men's magazine shoots, and graced the runway at fashion weeks."," stephen has always been a bit of a mystery, but it seems that he's finally been exposed.",1.904762
"stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under david cameron's conservatives party, compared to just under nine per cent under labour. shares have performed nearly twice as well under conservative governments than under labour over the last 45 years, according to figures published today. stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories compared with just under 9 per cent under labour and just over 9 per cent under the current coalition."," stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year over the period from 1974 through to 2014 as compared to around 10 per of a Labour government under Gordon brown in 1970.",2.470588
"porto's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers. guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for bayern, who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time. the spanish tactician's underwear was on show after the incident, and he joked after the champions league clash: `i'll have to buy new ones for the next match.","` he later explained, after the clash: `the fans are always so loud and the players are always so loud.",2.416667
"a six-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted by a boy of the same age in the classroom and playground of her school. but officers are powerless to act over the allegations, at a school in blackburn, lancashire, because the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten, so charges can not be brought against the boy. the girl's mother has also blasted school authorities after officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class, saying they have made the girl feel `like she was in the wrong '."," police say the boy, aged 15, is a student in an all ages school in blackburn.",2.450000
"she shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke's steamy blurred lines video and landed a role in gone girl alongside industry heavyweights ben affleck and rosamind pike. ever since, emily ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves. a newly unveiled set of photographs show london-born emily, 23, showing off her enviable figure - so what's her secret?","  "" I don't know if I can tell you, but I'm a very slim guy.""",2.380952
"andy murray has shown nerves of steel on the tennis court, but the british no 1 appeared slightly overwhelmed by the occasion during his wedding rehearsal on friday. the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday and visited the cathedral to run through the service with friends, family and his fiancee. the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open."," they were expecting their first baby together in December but the pregnancy took longer.",2.666667
"this is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage. the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung -- claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china's sand bay. the clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs."," the video then ends with a warning to stay far, as the creature has been spotted in a similar state of undetermined.",2.520000
"ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in next month's general election. thorpe revealed during the england lions tour of south africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. but he goes on to admit that his ukip backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol and the former surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies, which are due to be published this week."," I have to say that I think he's probably right in his assessment that the ukem have been a bit of an enigma since the last election, but that there may be something to it.",2.142857
"an alleged online sex offender accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states, including taking some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them. police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography."," police allege that between 2007/08 and 2010, the man allegedly made at best $500,000 a year from exploiting children.",2.269231
"hundreds of police officers lined the roads to in a guard of honour for a hero policewoman who was killed by a bus seconds after pushing her daughter out of its path and saving her life. sergeant louise lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter olivia in swansea, south wales, when she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre. onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision."," The woman died in a hospital later on the night.",2.909091
"security will be beefed up for anzac day after five teenagers who were plotting an islamic state-inspired terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids. prime minister tony abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25. two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies."," police swooped in on a number to investigate a suspected bomb plot in the city early on April 25.",2.428571
"it might be seven years since he retired but joe calzaghe showed he is still fighting fit as he enjoyed a holiday in barbados. the former undisputed super-middleweight champion of the world frolicked with his girlfriend lucy on the beach this week. but after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim, their fun was suddenly interrupted by a downpour of rain."," the rain continued for hours before finally stopping on Wednesday morning and the duo got on with their daily routines.",2.714286
"one of hollywood's most respected prs claimed that the oscars judges did not want to give 12 years a slave the best picture award because it was not patriotic enough to america. according to hacked sony emails, peggy siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light. she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be `sent around the world '."," sony was furious, they threatened to boycott.",2.900000
"former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls `one of the most bizarre team talks i've ever experienced '. higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light. but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk."," The former player and defender said that keany's speech had given him a feeling 'of dread and dread and dread' when i was playing in sunderLAND.",2.676471
"this was as far away from the ashes cauldron as it is possible to be but a quiet day of run scoring against sub-standard opposition in picturesque basseterre at the start of england's caribbean tour meant everything to jonathan trott. it must have seemed to trott that he would never again bat for england when he suffered that brutal dismantling at the hands of mitchell johnson during england's ill-fated last ashes tour almost 18 months ago. yet here he was, recovered from the mental condition that forced his departure from australia and now certain of a new role opening the batting in the first test in antigua next week."," trotty looked more confident and confident than ever before, and with an added touch of self-believability he was playing with the edge of a man on the precipitous edge of madness and he was making sure he was there for the next ball to go through for a wicket that would be his last of this series as England coach and captain.",2.535211
"sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside a kfc in birmingham. a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after an 18-year-old was stabbed to death in a scuffle outside kfc. sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl which also left a 19-year-old in a critical condition.","  The man, from the area, had allegedly stabbed the man in the chest with an iron bar, then stabbed him in his back with an apple.",2.468750
"swansea city have revived their interest in blackburn rovers striker rudy gestede. manager garry monk has made a striker his priority for the summer and club scouts have checked on aleksandar mitrovic at anderlecht and obbi oulare from club brugge. an offer has been made to marseille's andre ayew also but he remains a target for bigger clubs too.","  juan piedra, the striker who scored in the 2.",2.500000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- doing weird stuff to your body in the name of beauty isn't anything new. humans have been changing the shape of our skulls, inking ourselves up and sticking things through various protuberances since before we figured out how to write. but now we have twitter and facebook and hashtags, so these things seem to sweep around the world faster than a quick trip to the piercing joint.","  but what do these things do for us?",2.000000
"health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last may."," The new strain, found in the United Arab Emirates - and also in Canada - could spread even faster in Europe.",2.739130
"lord janner escaped justice after the uk's top prosecutor over-ruled the advice of two of the country's most senior qcs, it emerged last night. director of public prosecutions alison saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the labour peer with historic sex crimes. both clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc, leading counsel to the investigation, offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute."," The CPS, under the leadership of the then director of Public Prosecutors Andrew Bridrick-Smith, overruling alonsus and her deputy, had urged caution on charges against the peer, who is currently on trial for abusing a boy.",2.595745
"edwin `jock 'mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her. an army recruitment sergeant who is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her. edwin` jock' mee, who worked at the military base in croydon, south london, allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the army and locked the doors of the room they were in."," he then went to bed in the night and raped and sodomises the woman after forcing the door.",2.857143
"ed miliband -lrb- pictured yesterday at the shree swaminarayan temple, north london -rrb- is pressing on with his controversial cap rents, despite warnings from experts that plans will backfire. labour's plans to impose rent controls are `economically illiterate 'and will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords, experts warned last night. ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts, business and even labour figures that they will backfire."," The plans have provoked a fierce backlash from landlords and the housing association has called on the government to reverse its plans.",2.478261
"duhok, iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- the children laugh and shriek, as some of them seem to always have the capacity to do no matter how depressing the circumstances. their bright clothes provide splashes of color against the otherwise drab monotone white of the endless rows of tents. a small group plays with rocks, replacements for the toys they left behind when they fled, while others clamber through a jagged tear in the wire fence surrounding the refugee camp."," they are all wearing scarves and masks of their own making, and they are all laughing.",2.052632
"per mertesacker looks set to be ruled out of arsenal's derby against chelsea although the defender has escaped any serious ankle ligament damage. mertesacker, captain during the long absence of mikel arteta, limped off during the second half of the fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley on saturday. there were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in german after he twisted the joint but subsequent scans have shown it is a minor sprain."," the injury was sustained in the first leg at the ippen in September 2012 and has not affected him in any way.",2.320000
"david cameron today accused the bbc of peddling `b ******* 'after claiming his favourite sport was foxhunting. the tory leader hit back at presenter andrew marr, after being left baffled by questions during an interview on sunday. it came as mr cameron turned the clock back to ape john major's election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful, but ended up being heckled by someone claiming` the nhs is dying'."," he later told a friend: ""I'm sure the bbc will be happy that my party has taken over fox hunting and the nhl is in trouble.""",2.812500
