"frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. an unarmed man shot dead by police on live television on wednesday afternoon was a 41-year-old father of three who had another baby on the way. frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle."," a 43 year old man was killed by police on wednesnesday after being pulled into a car accident.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq didn't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden, the influence of anwar al-awlaki, or the notoriety of adam gadahn. still, he was a big deal. that's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west, but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group."," The man was born on the same date in the year 2000.",1.000000
"the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff."," the emails also show how kenneth chen, a longtime friend and adviser, was involved in the decision-making process for kitzhafers administration, including his hiring and promotion of a number, including kitzhafer himself, as well as his decision-making on a number, of the governor's appointments.",1.000000
"masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman, who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott, had to withdraw. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport."," he had been in the race for the last three years and had won three of them, but had not been in the race since the last race of 2013.",1.000000
"the couple that models designer clothes together stays together -- or at least that's what one new york-based duo hope, having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with fusion models. john tuite, 22, and carlos santolalla, 25, go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city's party scene. but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2, they say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves.","  tuite, a former fashion student who now works in the fashion world, says that he and santa have been struggling with the idea of being a gay model for years, but that they've been able, through their own personal struggles and their own personal relationships with each other and their bodies, to come to terms that it's okay for them to do what's best with their bodies and what's right with themselves.",1.000000
"an suv crossed a highway median and slammed into a home, killing a man and a woman who was nine months pregnant as they slept early wednesday, according to police. ivan carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30 am wednesday when the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the park's fence, killing the couple, police told the bradenton herald."," The driver of that vehicle, who was not identified by police, was arrested on charges of driving under suspension, driving with a suspended license and driving without a license.",1.000000
"eugenie bouchard's run of poor form continued as the top seed was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by american lauren davis in the second round at the family circle cup in charleston on wednesday. davis, 21, had lost her only career meeting with bouchard, but was in control this time against the world no 7. davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke bouchard's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset."," The match ended in the final set as davids was unable or unable get the ball back in the right place.",1.000000
"the volkswagen westfalia camper is associated with the seventies, the summer of love and nature-loving hippies. now the iconic van is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a volkswagen board member revealed. no images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels.","  ""the bus will be a hybrid, but it will not have the electric motors,"" he told Bild.",1.000000
"raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. but one critter ran into a spot of bother when he went on a romp around the urban jungle this week. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning."," he was found by a local woman who had been out walking her dogs.",1.000000
"gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of real madrid's league game on saturday and will almost certainly miss the second leg of the champions league against atletico madrid on wednesday. one year and two days, after one of his greatest moments at real madrid when he ran half the length of the pitch to score the winner in the copa del rey final, bale broke down with a muscle pull against malaga. he will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours but the concern shown when he went down at the start of real's crucial league game suggested his chances of recovering inside three days are non-existent and that he could also face a race to be fit for the champions league semi-final on may 5-6."," The injury is not as serious or serious as the calf injury which saw bales' calf tear during Real's 2-1 defeat by Real Madrid in the Copa del rey final on siesta day in 2011.",1.000000
"the josh meekings' saga took a new twist on friday when it emerged the sfa judicial panel had decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case. on thursday, the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny celtic striker leigh griffiths in last sunday's semi-final was thrown out. in the aftermath of the 3-2 extra-time win, meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded."," the defender was given a two game ban and a fine for his part.",1.000000
"a newly-wed couple were taken on a romantic flight over the mediterranean which left airline enthusiasts baffled after the passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff. the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight."," , the jet was flying over a large island, which was known as 'the heartland' of Malta.",1.000000
"stoke city have opened talks over a possible summer deal for evian flyer daniel wass. the 25-year-old denmark international is available for around # 3.5 million and has been watched by chelsea, liverpool and newcastle over the past year as they look for versatile full back options."," the club are also keen on signing the former hussain striker, but are yet to agree terms.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the last time muhammadu buhari came to power in nigeria, it was by force. this time it was by the ballot box. here are five reasons why one of the most fiercely-contested elections in the country's history is so important."," - The election was held on the same date as the election in the US, and the results were not as close.",1.000000
"oil from a russian trawler which was towed out to sea to sink after catching fire in port is washing up on the beaches of gran canaria and threatening tourist spots across the canary islands. the russian vessel oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of viscous fuel oil, when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11. it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later.","  the fuel was dumped in a shallow lake, which has been used as a temporary storage area for oil and other waste from the russian fleet, which has a total fleet size of about 1.",1.000000
"from awkwardly handing a beggar some change, to failing at eating a bacon sandwich, it is fair to say labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool. but now twitter users are attempting to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover, by editing his face on to famous men's bodies. from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford, to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv's latest heart-throb poldark, these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve.","  The images were created using a simple Photoshop trick, which involves using a white background to create a white face.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the commissioner-general of the united nations relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria on saturday, a spokesman says. commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there. ""the visit is prompted by unrwa's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians, including 3,500 children,"" agency spokesman christopher gunness told cnn's paula newton."," The commissioner-General will also meet with representatives from UNRW and other humanitarian agencies to assess their response.",1.000000
"it is just 12 weeks since bold claims were emanating from an ultra-confident dundee united dressing room that this season could yield an unprecedented domestic treble. `i believe we can win all three trophies, 'trumpeted goalkeeper radoslaw cierzniak.` people might laugh at me but maybe in may we will have won the league and cups and i will be laughing."," The club have been on a roll since their last league win, a 3 - 0 victory over St Mirren in the FAI Cup on the final weekend of October.",1.000000
"a photo of a relaxed and happy surfer seems all but a distant memory as that same man is now fighting for his life after being mauled by a great white shark. chris blowes, was viciously attacked by what has been described as a 'massive monster', about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park, when he was attacked at 9.45 am on saturday."," he had been surfing with friends and family on the beach at port lincoln, when he was attacked by a great white.",1.000000
"ed miliband -lrb- pictured yesterday at the shree swaminarayan temple, north london -rrb- is pressing on with his controversial cap rents, despite warnings from experts that plans will backfire. labour's plans to impose rent controls are `economically illiterate 'and will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords, experts warned last night. ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts, business and even labour figures that they will backfire."," The cap, which is expected in the next few weeks to hit the highest rents, has been condemned by the chief executive of the National Housing Federation (NHFC) who said: `The caps will have a devastating effect not only in the housing market, which is already struggling, but also in the wider economic environment.",1.000000
"saudi arabia has been condemned for beheading an indonesian domestic worker who was `suffering from mental illness'. her home country's leadership is furious that siti zainab's family was not notified before her execution this morning - and summoned saudi arabia's ambassador to complain about her death. while amnesty international says her killing in the holy islamic city of media this morning` smacks of a basic lack of humanity '."," The woman, named `Sajid', had been working for the government in her native saudi arabia for two years.",1.000000
"under legal pressure, the obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to, from or within the united states. the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s."," government to have his name removed.",1.000000
"inter milan manager roberto mancini insists that reports xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are `completely made up '. the switzerland international joined the italians from bayern munich in january for a fee in the region of # 12million, signing a four-and-a-half year contract. the 23-year-old made a fine start to his inter career but has tailed off in recent weeks and has found himself dropped to the bench for the previous two serie a matches."," The Italian has been a regular in the team since he joined the team in 2010 and has been a regular in Inter's midfield since his arrival, but he is now set for the exit.",1.000000
"owning a passport opens up a world of possibility and freedom for travellers - or so you would think. in some countries around the world, even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents, you are still restricted and barred from several countries. henley and partners created a visa restrictions index, which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results.","  the world's top 10 countries for travel freedom  10.",1.000000
"women are undervaluing themselves and asking for less pay than they should -- widening the gender pay gap, it is claimed. research found that women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package. a study found women routinely ask for # 4,000 less for a typical job, but that this widens to up to # 10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy."," the report, titled ""The Gender Wage Gap in the Workforce: A Survey of Employers,"" found that the average salary gap between women and their men counterparts is $2.",1.000000
"lounging on a deckchair by the pool, soaking up the sun in a skimpy bikini, rhiannon langley is just like any other tourist on holiday in thailand... except she's sporting two bruised eyes, swollen cheeks and a bandaged nose. the 24-year-old from melbourne is recovering from rhinoplasty, but rather than recuperating at home, she is at a five-star hotel, part of the $5,190 `bangkok nose job 'medical tourism package she is on. rhiannon, a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 instagram followers, told daily mail australia that she has been enjoying her post-op holiday time,` chilling out' by the pool, getting mani pedis, and going shopping."," she is now back at home in Melbourne, but she is not happy about her injuries, saying: ""I've been in Thailand for three months and it has been a whirlwind.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifty years ago in frankfurt, german prosecutors tried 22 former nazi ss soldiers at auschwitz in what remains the most famous holocaust trial staged in germany. at the time, fritz bauer, the german-jewish attorney general of hessen, expressed the simple hope that ""sooner or later, one of the accused would step forward and say: `what took place -- it was horrific, i'm sorry. 'then the entire world would exhale, as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz, and the air would be cleared."," 'so we can move on to the next phase, which is the prosecution.""",1.000000
"it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents, when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror, that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england."," he said: 'it's one of the most iconic moments of my career.",1.000000
"manny pacquiao's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed. with the pair finalising their preparations for the fight at the mgm grand on may 2, top rank promoter arum told espn that the contracts have still not been finalised. tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale and arum claimed that the draft contract he received on april 15 was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mgm when the term sheet was signed a few months ago."," arum said he was told by the promoter of mayweather that the contract was not signed and that he would be able to sign the deal on his terms.",1.000000
"wayne rooney knows champions league qualification is manchester united's to lose, making this weekend's clash with aston villa all the more important. louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings as the season enters the closing stages, boasting a five-point cushion over the chasing pack after winning so impressively at liverpool before the international break. juan mata's brace earned united a deserved 2-1 triumph at anfield to give them a buffer over the reds, as well as fellow top-four contenders southampton and tottenham."," theres a reason for that, though, and that's that the champions league is a tough place to play.",1.000000
"washington, cleveland and houston all earned 2-0 leads in their nba first-round playoff series with victories on tuesday, continuing the previous day's pattern. all five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0, with the wizards, cavaliers and rockets joining monday's winners chicago and golden state with the early two-game buffer in the best-of-seven series. washington's 117-106 victory at toronto owed most to john wall, who had 26 points and 17 assists, and bradley beal, who scored 28 points."," toron's 115-105 win at nashua had the same result.",1.000000
"jolyon palmer is determined to claim a place in formula one next year after being given the perfect opportunity by lotus to prove himself worthy. for the first time the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends. ordinarily in the past, lotus' reserve has been nothing more than a spare part, stood on the sidelines whilst the race drivers completed their tasks."," this year however, the company is giving the young driver a chance.",1.000000
"federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be `nwo stooges, 'the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the cia, fbi and dhs on the site pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts."," The information is intended for use by right-wing groups to target and intimidate political opponents, the law-enforcement officials say.",1.000000
"google claims to have cracked a problem that has flummoxed anyone who has tried to read a doctor's note - how to read anyone's handwriting. the firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts, and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send."," the company says it's working on adding handwriting recognition to its mobile apps.",1.000000
"the # 135,000 was spent trapping and moving water voles from the somerset levels ahead of dredging. taxpayers have footed a # 135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles - at a cost of # 2,500 per animal - to allow dredging of the somerset levels. the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate, it was revealed today."," the #135k bill was paid by the # 135,500 in taxpayer money, and the #135k bill was paid by the #135,500 in taxpayer funds.",1.000000
"carlos tevez talks about being as free as a bird, back to the days when he was banging in the goals in argentina for boca juniors. a big hit on the famous steeped terracing at la bombonera as he followed in the footsteps of diego maradona, claudio cannigia and some of the other greats. here in turin he is worshipped at the juventus stadium, one of the idols in the shirt of the bianconeri with that fearless, wholehearted approach to the game."," he has also been a key figure for the bianconeri in their quest for a place in next season's Champions league.",1.000000
"defeated: napoleon -lrb- illustrated -rrb- lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815. guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a `triumphalist 'way -- to avoid upsetting the french. invitations to the service at st paul's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington's historic victory over napoleon in 1815."," guests at a service at st Pauls cathedral have also advised against `trying too hard` in the service.",1.000000
"quarter of a century after his last number one, paul simon is back at the top of the charts. the 73-year-old - who rose to fame as part of simon & garfunkel - has forged ahead of more youthful musicians to reach number one in the uk album chart with the ultimate collection. his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran, james bay and sam smith.","  the new release, which was released in November last year, is a tribute album to simon and garfunkel, who died last month aged 73.",1.000000
"an arizona woman has pleaded guilty to hitting her husband with their suv because he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election. holly nicole solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would `face hardship 'because of barack obama's reelection. solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident, but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal."," solomon, a registered Republican, said that her husband had voted for Obama and that she was angry at her husband for not supporting him in the election, but that she was not going to let him down because of the president.",1.000000
"terry richardson is both one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry. known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him. and this week he faced accusations from the model kate upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission."," umppton, a model and former model herself has been accused by a number of men of sexual harassment.",1.000000
"computers may soon be able to transmit the complexities of human personalities, the stanford professor who originally set up google's x laboratory has claimed. sebastian thrun, who founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. but he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities."," ""I think we're in the process of creating a new kind of personality,"" he told the Telegraph .",1.000000
"she has just come out of the biggest scandal of her career when she made a racist comment about zendaya's hair style on fashion police. and now giuliana rancic is creating even more fuss as she has dishes on her ex-boyfriend jerry o'connell in her upcoming memoir going off script. on monday the 40-year-old e!"," star revealed that she has a new boyfriend who she is dating.",1.000000
"the party-loving girlfriend of footballer johnny manziel has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up on going out and enjoying herself now her boyfriend is out of rehab. manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night's texas rangers game. the pair appear to remain very much an item, but crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.","  the party-loving boyfriend of footballer johnny manzzie has come to a standstill since he was released by rehab last week, but he has been taking to Instagram to show off his love for the game.",1.000000
"defense attorneys released some of the training records saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in oklahoma. the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates, of tulsa, copied and kept for himself.","  ""I think it's important to note that this was not a random act,"" attorney John Bunch told KFOR-TV in Tulsa.",1.000000
"around one in 10 americans suffer from explosive anger management issues and has easy access to guns, a study has found. some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home."," The survey, conducted by the National Institute on Drug Abuse, found the average American has around one-in-ten issues of explosive anger management.",1.000000
"jailed: john coyne, 56, who ran a central london pub attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year. a pub landlord has been jailed for nine years for raping a man who fell asleep in his bar. john coyne, 56, who ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road, central london, attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year.","  A pub landlord has had his life spared by a court after raping a 25- year old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of partying in octobre last years.",1.000000
"timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. mcveigh also viewed himself as a `paul revere-type messenger 'and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government, according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney. the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas."," mcvaughan, who was convicted in the bombing, was sentenced in 1995 and served two life sentences in prison.",1.000000
"a young english cricket fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great's response in the wake of his death. jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the `great man '.` wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies."," i thought i would share it here for the benefit of all cricket lovers.",1.000000
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- until recently, if you sat in church on sunday mornings, pollsters could predict where you stood on same-sex marriage. what a difference a decade makes. in 2003, when the massachusetts supreme court became the country's first to legalize same-sex marriage, less than 30% of religiously affiliated americans supported gays' and lesbians' right to wed."," by 2010, the percentage had risen above 60%.",1.000000
"she may be a first daughter, but sarah obama is still a teenager and can't seem to tear herself away from her music - even for a rare family nature hike. sasha, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday. the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama and the first family had gone."," the press pool had been invited to a private event at a nearby park, where the president's wife sally serena was expected to be present, and the press pool was invited back to the white mansion to watch the president's daughter, daughter-in-law and daughter sally, sasha, 14.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened. and her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. veteran journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday, her son, colin mackey, said."," mackey was an investigative journalist who covered Iraq and Afghanistan.",1.000000
"a man driving to work in alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. that set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. a man contacted police friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near piedmont, calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade told wbrc-tv."," ""I was driving down the road, I saw the truck and I was like 'what is this?'""",1.000000
"a woman who tipped the scales at almost 20st has shed nearly half her body weight after she was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight - because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her. sharon smith, 43, from halesowen, west midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat. today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday, when two years she would have struggled to walk half a mile, let alone run six."," The flight from Glasgow was to be the first of a series of trips to Europe, but when she was told that she would not be allowed to sit next to her passenger she was so concerned she had to stand up and even tried to push her way into her seat.",1.000000
"mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els, as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman, an american representative of the rank and file. last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows.","  spieth's first-day tally was a remarkable one, as the golf world watched in amazements from around his tee box.",1.000000
"researchers have completed the first comprehensive study of the microbes living on and in and uncontacted tribe from the amazon. they say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society. researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami."," they found that they were more likely than other people to be carrying the bacterially diverse 'Bacillus subtilissimum' bacteria.",1.000000
"manny pacquiao will be wearing the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2. the richest fight of all time, said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved, is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to tv rights and ticket sales. the pacman's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.","5 million, according to a source close to the situation.",1.000000
"mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night, when the opening show was interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the ellery show. as designer kym ellery made her way down the catwalk to take her bow, a furious man understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue at eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music. the local man was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway."," the security guards then called the cops and a police car was called to the scene.",1.000000
"president barack. obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. the two leaders, who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting, are both attending the summit of the americas in panama."," The two presidents are expected at a joint news briefing at 11am today.",1.000000
"a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days."," sallie, 29 and a former nurse who worked in the hospital where he died said: 'he was a very brave and loving horse.",1.000000
"a teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence. on september 7, 2014, samantha giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, before she was abandoned. so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved.","  samantha giuffre, who was left with severe burns after being dragged behind the car and left to drown, broke her silence on septuary 7,2014.",1.000000
"northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when george north will next play after confirming the wales wing will miss saturday's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne after his latest head injury. north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months, including in last friday's 52-30 win over wasps, and was on wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. `we won't play him at the weekend, 'saints director of rugby jim mallinder said."," The news comes as a blow to northampton's chances at the semi finals, where the visitors are expected by the French champions.",1.000000
"one direction star niall horan has led the tributes to bbc broadcaster colin bloomfield who has died from skin cancer, aged just 33. bloomfield, who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and derby county commentator, died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning. fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the `perfect colleague 'and` consummate professional' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure."," Mr Horgan was born in the village where his parents worked as an electricians and later moved with them to a house on the edge, where his parents were still alive, and where his mother was a nurse.",1.000000
"a heavily pregnant jehovah's witness woman and her baby died after she was diagnosed with leukemia but refused a blood transfusion that would probably have saved both of their lives. the 28-year-old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy, and doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion. the sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later.","  she is now facing a charge for failing to provide a blood transfusion.",1.000000
"there are moments when falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of manchester united and it all comes flooding back. this could have been just the start. he made his name with porto, adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football."," he was the best player in the world and the best player in the world was always a good thing.",1.000000
"mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities, according to a report in nation's restaurant news. but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.","  the burritos will arrive in a custom made bag and will then be placed on the counter by a team of employees.",1.000000
"a gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire. the driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday. the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside."," the driver of the car was able get out and drive away, but was later arrested by police and charged.",1.000000
"a high school teenager's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears. daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to his girlfriend, daniel had erected a series of signs along the road."," one of the signs was an image of a girl with a flower in the shape and color that was meant to represent the girl's crush.",1.000000
"channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show, saturday night live star michael che. `tomorrow, we'll chat to the star of the daily show and saturday night live, michael che, 'the promo promised -- although, in a cringeworthy gaffe, two of the three clips shown were of che's castmate, jay pharoah. che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne's international comedy festival."," che, whose real name was Andrew Smith, was born in New Zealand but moved to Melbourne to pursue his acting career.",1.000000
"australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. the minister for investment and trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on abc's q&a program, and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. `for 10 years, i drove to work with a pen in my mouth because someone told me if your face is configured like you're smiling, your brain thinks you are and it releases endorphins, 'he said."," `i would sit down and write down what I wanted, and then i'd go to work and i would write down the same things, and then I would sit down again, and write them all down again, until my brain would be like, `oh, this isn't going to happen.'",1.000000
"history's warning. england ended the day in a strong position, but it's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009. like thursday, england declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb-."," england was in a strong position in 2009.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- when al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa, kenya, on thursday, it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi.","  -lr- ,  -rrb- al Qaeda's leader, Ayman Al- Zawhiri , , , , al Qaeda leader, Osama Bin Laden , , al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden's son, , al Qaeda's leader, Aymen al- Zayid, and  -lrb-  -lrb- al Qaeda leader Ayman Al Zawahiri, who is also known by his alias Abu Musa al Zarqi, has said that the U,S.",1.000000
"steve clarke admits his reading side require the `perfect 'performance to stand any chance of beating arsenal -- but concedes he has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career. reading have struggled in the championship this campaign whereas arsene wenger's side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday.` there's only the pressure that we put ourselves under to play the perfect game and make no mistakes,' said clarke."," `we've been playing well but it hasn` t always gone our way and we need to be better than that.'",1.000000
"david villa seems to be enjoying his recent move across the pond to the mls, as the new york city captain visits the sight's of his new home. the former barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in america, scoring once and helping his side to third place in the eastern conference. posting the picture on his instagram, villa said: `beautiful empire state building!","`  dave is a member on facebook.",1.000000
"a new orleans couple bought a ramshackle historic cottage, moved it across the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home's original floor plan. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating."," the result is a modern, contemporary home with an open kitchen, a living room and a living area that is a perfect size for a couple with kids and a dog, plus the space for two adults to sit and watch television in a separate room.",1.000000
"a muslim cleric has issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel, as he denounces the idea of marital rape as `made up by european people '. perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria claims that, according to the prophet mohammed, a wife can only refuse her husband sex if she is menstruating, sick or just given birth. her right to say no, he asserted, was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband."," the fatwa was published in the newspaper 'alim' on Monday.",1.000000
"irbil, iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis claimed it controlled part of iraq's largest oil refinery sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday. by sunday, isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control.","  irish, indonesia -isis -irish -irish- cnbc -isis- cnn -irish- cnbc -islamic-state -islamic- state -irish- cnbc , irish, indonasias, iraq -islam -isis- cnn -isis -irish-cnn  , indonesia -irish -isis-cnn -isis -islamic -state -islam -state , indonosias, india -irish-cnn  , indonosias, india -irish -cn- -irish -cnn -irish -cnbc -isis- cnn -isis-cn  iran -isis -irish -cn- cnn , india, india -irish -cnbc  irish, iraq, indonesias, iraq- cnn  irish, indonesias, irq- cn- cn- cnn -iris -cnn -irish- cnn -irish-cn , iris -isis-cnn  , iris -islam -isis -cnn  iran, iraq -islam -cn- cnn , iraq -isis-cnn -iris -isis- cnbc -iris- cnn -irish -cnn .",1.000000
"kicked out: elizabeth sedway, 51, says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. a married mother of two battling cancer has been ejected from an alaska airlines flight from hawaii to california along with her family because she lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. elizabeth sedway, 51, from granite hill, california, posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane."," ""I'm not going to lie, it was a bit of an emotional moment for me.",1.000000
"twelve months ago, liverpool were a free-flowing, potent attacking force with the ss -lrb- luis suarez and daniel sturridge -rrb- firing on all cylinders - the pair would eventually end up scoring 52 of liverpool's 101 goals in the premier league.this season, however, the goals have dried up. replacing suarez was always going to be a near-impossible task, but liverpool fans would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was there to collectively make up for the uruguayan's absence."," the only thing that has really held them together has been a collective inability of the team to find the back of the bench, which has seen london's attack collapse to a piddling 4th place.",1.000000
"attention is already turning to next season at liverpool after their fa cup semi-final exit at the hands of aston villa. unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six premier league games of the season, liverpool will also miss out on champions league qualification after only a season back in europe's elite club competition. brendan rodgers undoubtedly needs to reinforce his squad, and sportsmail assesses liverpool's chances of landing five of their main targets."," The Reds are in a strong spot at present, having secured a place at the top table with the help of a strong run of form.",1.000000
"gibraltar could be the new home of britain's nuclear submarines if the snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident. moving the nation's nuclear deterrent to the british territory could cost # 3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported. the snp want to eject trident from scotland, but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde."," the brits have said that they will not accept any move to remove tridents.",1.000000
"-lrb- billboard -rrb- the key to rock's longevity is it never defines itself into irrelevance. so while there were some loud, dirty guitars at the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night, there was as much recognition for rock's antecedents in soul and blues, speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that's beyond words. it's easy to talk of such spirit when paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr, and yoko ono is on hand as well."," but the rock hall of fame is not the place to do it, because the hall of fame is a venue for the rock gods, not the rock god.",1.000000
"jailed: jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook after targeting businesses across greater manchester. a 24-year-old man who carried out a series of raids on petrol stations and convenience stores has been jailed after boasting about his crimes on facebook. jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on the social networking site after targeting businesses across greater manchester."," a 24-year-olds son-in law of the man who carried out the raids was jailed yesterday after admitting stealing £2.",1.000000
"ed balls has been accused of treating the public with `contempt 'after dismissing as a` joke' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010, was just a `jokey note '. mr byrne's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated:` dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money."," we have to pay the bills and we will.",1.000000
"he's the latest person to travel to a galaxy far, far away. and on sunday director gareth edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about rogue one, the first of the standalone star wars films, at the stars wars celebration in anaheim, california. at the same time, the iconic franchise's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film, rogue one #rogueone.","' The film is being produced in association with Lucasfilm and is being written by the legendary George Lucas, who is currently in the midst of writing the sequel trilogy of the original Star Trek films, and the upcoming Star Wars: The Last Jedi.",1.000000
"supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago, but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self. the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot, which she shared monday on her instagram account. `boogie boarding with my baby, 'she captioned the image."," `my baby quincy is a big boy, he loves playing with me, and he's a little boy too, he loves me too.",1.000000
"supporters arriving at anfield ahead of monday's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle will have noticed some considerable changes in the area. the club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way, and the latest look at anfield shows that builders are pressing ahead with the task of expanding the main stand. pictures from monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the main stand now taller than the existing structure."," this is the result, and it is a welcome development for fans who are hoping that they will see a new addition in the near term.",1.000000
"chelsea welcome manchester united on saturday tea-time with the stakes sky-high for the premier league rivals. for jose mourinho's men it is about seeing home a title bid which, in recent matches, has had to rely on one or two last-gasp interventions. louis van gaal's united, meanwhile, have hit top gear and it appears that all roads lead to the champions league."," The two sides have met in the Premier league once in the last two seasons, with Manchester City winning 2-1 in September and United winning 3, 3-1 in November, but the two sides have met just twice in all of last season, with United winning 2, 3-2 in the first meeting in October.",1.000000
"a couple died in an apparent murder suicide after they got into a violent confrontation which turned deadly inside a home in oklahoma. preston wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, sarah owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman. eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 madra street when the argument escalated."," the argument turned violent and the two argued until the victim was able to escape and called 911, according the police report, which states that the victim was able get away and call 911.",1.000000
"ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 `golden hello 'payments because it is far cheaper than training them in britain. managers from the london ambulance service, the largest in the nhs, have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne. they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours."," they are paid £20,000 per year.",1.000000
"when melbourne mother-of-two, kady marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel, the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away. it was a sunny saturday afternoon at the manly wharf hotel. kady was in town for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family."," the hotel was packed and the room was packed.",1.000000
"arrest: timothy rogalski allegedly repeatedly called sandy hook elementary school on tuesday. a man has been arrested for repeatedly calling sandy hook elementary school and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre. timothy rogalski, from wallingford, connecticut, called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone."," the messages were addressed ""saturday"" and ""tuesday"".",1.000000
"a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle `the highest rate of inbreeding in the world '. the episode of an hour with ruta, which aired on independent tv channel lnk last week, claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen the nordic country's` genetic material.' an introduction to the chat show argued that norway's child protection service -lrb- barnevernet -rrb- argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a `sought-after commodity '."," the show claimed the children had to have their parents' permission before being adopted.",1.000000
"a fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis -lrb- cf -rrb- is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition, which has no known cure. ian pettigrew, 46, from ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. after someone noted that the collection of photos was `turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ', he became inspired to start his second project, salty girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system."," the project has been featured in a variety, from the New York Times to The Guardian.",1.000000
"around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. those who can afford it can turn to london's famous private medical haven harley street, where dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional chinese medicine. now she's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic, which she opened in 1996, to reveal the secrets of her success."," ,  ,  , , ,  ""I've been here for 20-25years and have never had a problem.",1.000000
"it was the moment a man, hands open in peace, stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage. a striking picture, taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe, captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the `islamisation 'of australia. the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia, an anti-islam group, organised protests at major cities across australia, which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations."," the anti racists, who were joined in the streets by the anti fascists and the neo nazi's, had been planning to march to Melbourne's CBD on the day after a neo-nazi's planned march to the city.",1.000000
"more than a third of gps are considering retirement in the next five years, a survey shows. another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including canada and australia, where the pay is higher and workload less stressful. a poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether."," the average age of family doctor is 52.",1.000000
"aston villa match-winner fabian delph was left pinching himself after booking his side's place in the fa cup final at the expense of liverpool. villa skipper delph set up christian benteke's equaliser after philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds and then rounded off a superb afternoon by sweeping home nine minutes into the second half to secure a 2-1 victory. delph's strike means that tim sherwood's charges will return to wembley to face holders arsenal in next month's showpiece and the former leeds midfielder says it will be a dream come true."," ""I'm so happy to be back at home,"" delph told the liverpool website after his side were held to an early goal by the home side's defence.",1.000000
"whether he is in a car park, a factory or even a field, ed miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern."," he has been in the limousines, on buses, on trains, in the air, on a plane and even on the road.",1.000000
"danny lennon's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday. the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of 2016. paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned on march 7."," he has been in the role since the summer and will be assisted by the experienced paddy mair.",1.000000
"a man has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired police officer. anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last june near resorts world casino in the queens section of new york city when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes. he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the new york police department named robert muller."," he says he then ran into a police cruiser, where he says he was handcuffed, beaten and dragged by muller.",1.000000
"expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. but the little boy, malachi, had other ideas. she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time."," she was so excited that her husband had just called to say that he had found the little boy in her arms and that she was going home to take care.",1.000000
"men do almost twice the amount of housework after they retire - but they are still doing far less than their wives, according to new research. the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired."," women did the same, but they did it for only 2.",1.000000
"successive last-gasp victories have reignited struggling leicester city's premier league survival bid and manager nigel pearson said his side's fate is back in their own hands. late goals from robert huth and jamie vardy sealed a dramatic 3-2 victory against west bromwich albion on saturday, a week after andy king's late goal secured a 2-1 win against west ham united. the foxes had look buried two weeks ago, seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place, but are now just three points behind hull city, the side immediately above the relegation trapdoor."," the home fans have been vocal in their desire to see their side stay in the Premier League and they will be hoping for another victory at the KC stadium, with the Foxes having won just once in the last six games at the venue.",1.000000
"it marks the moment when the civilised world entered the dark ages and some of the most spectacular societies in the world disappeared. now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse. he claims they were hit by a `perfect storm 'of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the ancient egyptians, the babylonians, minoans and mycenians unable to cope."," the ancient civilisation was wiped out by the plague and famine that followed.",1.000000
"classical singer camilla kerslake was centre of attention at sunday's olivier awards after she suffered a wardrobe malfunction as she arrived with england rugby skipper boyfriend chris robshaw. wearing a daring, backless black dress, camilla, 26, showed off more than she bargained for in her revealing floor-length gown. despite being accompanied by robshaw, who played for harlequins in their 29-26 premiership victory over gloucester 24 hours earlier, the cameras were firmly trained on the singer."," she was seen walking down a street wearing a pair, which were clearly visible to onlookers, and was seen walking down a road in a pair, which she had been wearing earlier in the evening, as she arrived at the awards ceremony in the foyer.",1.000000
"anyone who has witnessed a game of hockey or netball might disagree, but men really are more competitive than women, according to a new study. researchers have discovered that male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition than female athletes. sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport - such as their academic studies - than their male counterparts, the researchers say."," The findings suggest that women are better able to cope in a competitive environment.",1.000000
"she was among the first britons to join the terrorists of islamic state and regularly takes to twitter to issue violent threats, including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a westerner. but despite all that, khadijah dare's heartbroken mother victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life. mrs dare, from lewisham in south london, also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college."," she says that she had been a devout christians at the time of the attacks and that her mother had told her that her son was not going to return to her country and that she was not allowed to see her son.",1.000000
"daniel sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves, but the striker's shapes were no match for a young liverpool fan. the reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february and duly obliged only to be left red-faced by the talented youngster. before the pair showed each other their moves, paisley sat down with the former chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift.","  stuart mccormick: ""how important is it to be a good dancer?",1.000000
"bryony hibbert -lrb- pictured -rrb-, 25, the girlfriend of the footballer caught having drunken sex in the dugout, has slammed those responsible for the clip. this is the first picture of the girlfriend of the semi-professional footballer caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout after his team's 4-1 defeat. striker jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs."," the footage shows the girlfriend, whose real identity remains a secret, being filmed by her boyfriend in the dugouts.",1.000000
"andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast - and under-pressure test captain alastair cook. the blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format, with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part. cook, however, is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue test century - to add to his record 25 - brought him two more failures at the top of the order in the opening match of england's series in the west indies."," the second of these was a woeful duck-and/ or duck and/or no duck-and/ or no ball, in the second innings, when the ball was bowler-friendly and Cook was unable or unwilling to get his hands up.",1.000000
"a u.s. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal.","  The man who recorded a message for his 11-year old son, who is now in Australia, has also posted a video on Facebook of him and his family celebrating the boy's birthday.",1.000000
"the executions of bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran is `only a matter of time ', indonesian president joko widodo has confirmed. chan and sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals."," joko said that the executions of the two men and nine other death row inmates will be conducted within a matter of hours, as the appeals process is still pending.",1.000000
"an adorable orphaned wombat has found herself a new friend - and a very prickly pillow. chloe the wombat, who first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last december, has found herself a new buddy at taronga zoo's grounds in sydney after she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas. in an adorable video uploaded to instagram by taronga zoo, chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas."," the echidas, who are known to be friendly with wombat's and have been known to give her food and water, are seen sitting in a tree next door, watching her as she sleeps.",1.000000
"a chilean artist has been jailed after dyeing a famous hot spring in iceland pink with food colouring. marco evaristti, the south american artist who is based in copenhagen, poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir, found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik, at dawn. when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result."," the steam rose to the ceiling and the steam was so hot it caused a steam bath to erupt.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a new york jury deliberating the fate of the man charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old etan patz is struggling to reach a verdict. the little boy's disappearance, more than three decades ago, sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. deliberations resumed on thursday, one day after new york supreme court justice maxwell wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named pedro hernandez."," the trial of her alleged killer has drawn national and global attention.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ""real housewives of beverly hills"" star and former child actress kim richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested thursday morning. richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m."," The arrest came just hours after the show aired.",1.000000
"rarely-seen photos of captain robert scott's expedition to the south pole and an american civil war flag are among the items expected to fetch tens of thousands of pounds at a unique auction in london later this month. more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects -- with estimated values of # 500 to # 30,000 -- will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at christie's south kensington. filled with historic artefacts, pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners' travels, the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust."," the items are expected to sell at a combined total value in excess of £100 million, according the organisers.",1.000000
"forget the must-have wine cellar, hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. many of the super-rich are having them built -- complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders, eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems, massive screens and even cocktail bars and popcorn-makers. celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch, retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich."," The latest home cinema to be built in London is a $1.",1.000000
"loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general, becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.","  Lynching, a controversial practice that is still used in some parts of America today to punish blacks for crimes they did no part commit, is a controversial issue in America.",1.000000
"a woman has received the shocking news that the man she's known as her father for 23 years is not actually her biological parent. sarah's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test. the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil, who appeared with her on the itv show, was not in fact her real father."," ""I'm so upset, it's so hard to explain,"" she told jerry kyle.",1.000000
"toby perkins, deputy chairman of the labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just # 4 per day for 12-hour shifts. labour has been accused of `utter hypocrisy 'after it was revealed interns working for one of their election chiefs are paid just # 4 per day while the party claims to champion the low paid. an email sent by toby perkins, who is deputy chairman of the labour election campaign as well as mp for chesterfield, revealed that interns are paid just # 25 per week for working 12-hour days.","  The Labour party's election chief to be paid £4 an day for 12-hours work is to receive £25 per day in benefits.",1.000000
"a former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him, a court has heard. hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence. this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal."," , a retired immigration consultant attempted a sex act on a woman who had come into his house, a court heard.",1.000000
"a counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in # 10million by selling fake viagra while pretending to be a fishing tackle business. judge charles wide qc described it as a `highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise 'which risked the health of members of the public, as he sentenced the gang at the old bailey. the uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.","  the fake viagra was sold online for $20 and sold in the US at $40.",1.000000
"a furious landowner was forced to fork out thousands of pounds to restore a public path to one of britain's most popular beauty spots. james weld stumped up # 15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with natural england over who was responsible for the coastal path down to the beach at durdle door on dorset's jurassic coast. the previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012."," the path was restored in 2014, but it took a year for it to be installed.",1.000000
"the story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10. pictured: the monarch's illustrations to go with the book which is to be published in june. a children's story written by queen victoria when she was just 10 years old is to be published for the first time."," it was written by the king of the kingdom and is to be published in july, and will be published by a company of publishers.",1.000000
"queensland amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee, who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride. zoe dennise prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year, according to gold coast bulletin. however she was allegedly injured on may 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.","  ""I was checking harness on the tower and I felt pain in the wrist,"" said Prince, who is currently on a disability leave.",1.000000
"a long island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle, a relative said. iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts."," their mother, a lawyer, had filed a $10 million lawsuit in Manhattan federal court against her estranged son, who she said was a ""lone wolf.""",1.000000
"david cameron will today warn english voters the snp's new powers could impact their lives. david cameron will today risk infuriating the snp by vowing to conduct an annual review of the fairness of the scottish government's policies on the rest of the uk. a conservative government would create a new principle to ensure decisions by holyrood do not have an `unforeseen detrimental effect 'for people south of the border, he will say.","  The SNP leader, David Munday, has been accused by the SNP's Westminster leader, Angus Robertson, of trying to 'stoke the fire of nationalism' by warning voters of the SNP government's plans for a new law that could affect them in Scotland, if they voted SNP in the forthcoming independence vote in 2014.",1.000000
"ed miliband, pictured arriving in manchester ahead of the manifesto launch, will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election. ed miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election. in a last-ditch attempt to steal the tories' mantle as the party of economic responsibility, he will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in a `time of scarcity '."," The Labour Party's election campaign has already begun, and it is already clear the party is in trouble.",1.000000
"comedian sarah silverman was forced to apologize after she was caught exaggerating a story about being paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap. the comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart, for a piece she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for levo league. but silverman has been forced to apologize after new york comedy club owner al martin revealed the story was false, because silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything - her male counterpart todd barry was booked for the slot."," silvermans apology came after she was forced by the New Yorker to apologize for her 'unacceptable' comments, which were published in the magazine's online magazine, the mag said.",1.000000
"mike whitehead was standing against labour's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire. nigel farage today insisted the tories had suffered a `hammer blow 'after a former parliamentary candidate defected to ukip - only for it later to emerge that he had already been sacked from the party last week. mike whitehead, who was standing against labour's alan johnson for the tories in hull, claimed he was joining ukip after becoming` disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area."," The former parliamentary candidate was sacked by ukip yesterday after he was accused by a member of the party's executive committee of having made a series, including a series on a woman's body, which he described in an interview as ""unpleasant and inappropriate.""",1.000000
"a mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from london heathrow to oman, after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe. the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full. however, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out."," the passenger who attacked the man was arrested and the other man was released.",1.000000
"sophie english was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family. there has been very little information to help ms english find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up and for more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage. she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc's foreign correspondent reporter sally sara who travelled with her to vietnam in search of answers."," The story begins with the birth mother's family, the Khmer Rouge.",1.000000
"concerns have been raised over a program which allows school students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate - and is only being offered to pupils at a prestigious sydney private school. tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college, one of sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000. the university of sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot's college, fairfax media reported, stirring fears among student groups and university staff that the program allows parents to `buy 'their sons entry to the sandstone university."," the pilot is part of the school year-11 program which allows parents to pay $30 a week for their children to attend a private university for a period ranging from one year up to 17.",1.000000
"football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned. a british schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in lanzarote. football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an `accidental drowning '."," a British schoolgirl has drowned in a swimming pond on a holiday in costar, a brazil.",1.000000
"what's more exciting than meeting your idol? meeting your idol in a starbucks, while wearing a shirt with their name on it, and having your picture uploaded to their instagram account. one little boy was lucky enough to meet justin verlander, pitcher for the detroit tigers, under those same, once-in-a-lifetime, circumstances."," he's a kid from a poor family, who was born in a poor family.",1.000000
"a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago. richard rogers, a hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii, aka liholiho, the second king of hawaii. `we found gold, silver, hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world, high - and low-end european stuff."," we found everything from a small boat, a small boat, to the largest boat in history.",1.000000
"britain faces a `coalition of chaos' under ed miliband and nicola sturgeon, david cameron warned today. the prime minister, who travelled to glasgow this morning to unveil the tory party's scottish manifesto, accused the snp and labour of posing a` clear and present danger 'to britain. he said the two parties were pretending to `slug it out' ahead of next month's poll -- but insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of the deficit."," he also warned of a ``credible threat'' to britains economic future.",1.000000
"hire: ruba khandaqji -lrb- here -rrb- was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill gov. rick scott. a florida pharmacist was arrested wednesday for calling 911 and telling the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman to kill governor rick scott."," a Florida pharmacy owner who had been arrested in a similar case in the past was arrested for calling the 911 dispatcher to say he was hiring a hitman to murder governor ricky robert scott.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change, refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point. after the event at washington's howard university on tuesday, obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview. i asked him about the science behind climate change and public health and the message he wants the average american to take away, as well as how enforceable his action plan is."," he said that the public health community is working hard to educate people on the science behind climate and the importance to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, but that the public health communities have to be able to do that in the most effective way.",1.000000
"julie walter, 49, who has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly residents in sheltered housing out of money. a woman has been branded a `menace to the community 'after she posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. julie walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash."," she was caught after she posed for photographs in a council housing unit and then pretended to work for a charity to trick elderly residents.",1.000000
"a devastated couple has launched a desperate search for their beloved pet cat after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york. felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport. the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, joseph naaman, who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly -- apparently while being transferred from the plane -- that felix was able to get out and run away."," ""We're trying to find a way to bring him back,"" said stewart.",1.000000
"two armed robbers have been caught on camera using a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop. the raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises, and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike. a passer-by captured photographs of the two criminals, and police have now appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders."," The jewellery store was burglarized at around 3am yesterday, and a security guard at the door was able, with the help of a security guard, to open the shop door.",1.000000
"-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- geoffrey lewis, a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator clint eastwood as his pal orville boggs in ""every which way but loose"" and its sequel, has died. he was 79. lewis, the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis, died tuesday, family friend michael henderson said."," lewis had been ill since the weekend of the premiere.",1.000000
"hollywood producer and studio executive harvey weinstein will not face criminal charges despite the groping allegations made against him by a former miss italy finalist. italian model ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein groped her during a `business meeting 'at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27. battilana claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt."," ""He said, 'You know, you look real, don't you?'",1.000000
"sofia vergara's ex-fiancé has hit out at the modern family star, claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together. 'i have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth,' businessman nick loeb, said in a statement. 'i created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction, because i have always dreamed of being a father."," i have never wanted a child and am not a mother.",1.000000
"the tories are inching ahead of labour as nigel farage starts to peel off ed miliband's supporters. and english voters are so alarmed by the prospect of being ruled by nicola sturgeon with miliband in her pocket that they would prefer to get rid of her -- and scotland -- by giving the country independence after all. these are among the remarkable findings of a survation poll for the mail on sunday which illustrates growing fears about the result of the most closely fought election for decades.","  pollsters say the Tories have a clear advantage over Labour, but that they are still in a position to win.",1.000000
"`exploited by criminals': gambian footballer baboucarr ceesay -lrb- above -rrb- was among the 900 migrants who died in the mediterranean boat disaster, his british aunt has revealed. a british woman has revealed how her nephew was among the 900 migrants who drowned in the mediterranean boat disaster. baboucarr ceesay, a talented footballer from the gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a` desperate 'attempt to seek a new life in the uk."," `exploit by criminals': gambi player british aunt reveals her son's death -rr- was among the 990 people who drowned on a boat in the Mediterranean Sea.",1.000000
"midsomer murders is to have its first regular asian character in its 18th series, four years after the drama's producer said the programme `wouldn't work 'with ethnic minority characters. manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama. although there have been asian actors in cameo parts, this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor."," the drama will also be directed and written by a woman, Manjendra Singh.",1.000000
"newport county have sacked chris zebroski after the striker was jailed for four years and four months for robbery, attempted robbery and assault. the 28-year-old played for the league two side as recently as tuesday but now faces an uncertain future in football after admitting four charges relating to two incidents at swindon crown court. in the first instance, the court heard the former cheltenham, bristol rovers and millwall player crashed his bmw into a taxi in december and attacked another driver who attempted to film him, smashing his mobile phone."," the court heard the incident took place in a car park in swindon, near to a shopping centre, where he had been staying with his girlfriend and two young boys, aged between eight months to 12 years old, at the time of his offending.",1.000000
"in february of this year, bride-to-be adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years, david elliot. little did she know she would never get the chance to wear it, despite already paying for half. the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown, she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life."," The wedding was held in a church in the town of dorothy, in the north west of Scotland.",1.000000
"some find them unnerving and even slightly creepy while, to others, they are endearing, mysterious and charming. whatever your view, one thing's for certain: when it comes to twins, particularly identical ones, they are an endless source of fascination. yet, despite all this interest, the rest of us remain baffled, emotionally and scientifically, by the uncanny bonds identical twins share."," the mystery of these bonds remains unsolved.",1.000000
"tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace once premier league safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again. pulis said west brom has `gone off the rails' in recent seasons and needs fundamental improvements to get back on track. west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season before finishing 17th."," pulis believes the board has been too quick to dismiss the club and has not done a good job of identifying and addressing the issues that need addressing.",1.000000
"gps are the gateway to nhs care -- nine out of 10 times, the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp. yet access to gps has become a major policy and political issue. the crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead."," the problem is not that there is not a GP, it is that there are not many.",1.000000
"as charlotte cosby showed off her super-slim figure in a new instagram photo, many of her fans balked at her now tiny frame. for the geordie shore star, who has lost has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the past year, is looking thinner than ever. in fact, she is looking so thin, that some have questioned whether the 24-year-old actress has taken things too far."," ""she's not thin, but she's not skinny either.",1.000000
"a florida bus passenger was arrested for throwing a snickers bar at the driver's head after threatening him and being disruptive during the ride, according to police. joel parker, 33, was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar. when the driver declined the offering, parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said."," the bus driver was able to catch it, but the driver was arrested and charged.",1.000000
"a montana judge who was censured by the state's high court for his comments about a 14-year-old rape victim has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association. yellowstone area bar association president jessica fehr said thursday that former state district judge g. todd baugh of billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors."," baugh, a former state district court judge in billings and a former judge in Montana, was sentenced to five months in jail in 2011 after admitting to raping a 14-years old boy.",1.000000
"the militant unite union was facing embarrassment last night over claims it `sacked 'an activist for complaining about being hired on a zero-hours contract. former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite, after a tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. the employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts, which it says amount to` exploitation'."," the union has said that the decision to fire reubery is a result `of a dispute over the terms and condition of employment'.",1.000000
"exhausted, scared and undoubtedly hungry, eleven-year-old luke shambrook was sitting alone on a hillside at the moment rescuers in an increasingly desperate search finally reached him after five days. as a police helicopter hovered overhead guiding searchers to the spot and capturing dramatic video, luke, who suffers autism, peered out from behind trees in the fraser national park north-east of melbourne. the amazing video shows the moment a uniformed police officer reaches the boy first and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe, before other rescuers join the scene, with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boys shoulders."," ""I was so scared,"" he says, as he tries to calm down.",1.000000
"loneliness is often associated with elderly people who may have lost their partner or feel isolated because they're less mobile. but a new report released today reveals that it is in fact younger people who feel more lonely than older generations - despite being more connected to their friends online. the survey, funded by the big lottery, found that more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point."," the survey also found young people are less likely than older generations - who are more connected to their friends online - and more concerned about loneliness.",1.000000
"shhh! don't make a sound. this dog is lost in deep concentration."," he is trying to get his attention and he's not getting any.",1.000000
"a new york judge has granted two chimpanzees held at a research lab the same rights as human prisoners, after a two year legal battle by an animal rights organization. the two primates, currently living in a lab at stony brook university, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus, allowing their detention to be challenged. a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are `unlawfully detained."," the petition, filed by animal welfare group the animal shelter, argues that they are not entitled the same legal rights as humans, as they are not considered sentient beings.",1.000000
"rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the scottish football association after admitting the previous board breached `dual ownership 'rules by allowing newcastle chief mike ashley into ibrox. the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox."," the club has also been ordered to repay £1.",1.000000
"while sunseekers across britain have been making the most of the clear skies recently to soak up some sunshine, the lack of clouds has also proved a bonus for stargazers in scotland hoping to catch sight of shooting stars. this incredible image was captured above pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday as photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower. the annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere, and is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.","  the meteors are so bright they are almost invisible, but they are still a spectacular sight for those in the area.",1.000000
"energy drinks like red bull are causing children to behave badly, a teaching union has claimed. pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed. chris keates, general secretary of the nasuwt, likened the caffeinated refreshments to `readily available legal highs'."," He told The Independent: ""It is a problem.",1.000000
"a pakistani supermodel has been charged with money laundering offences after she was caught carrying over half a million dollars in islamabad airport. 21-year-old ayyan ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - was jailed after a staggering amount of money was discovered in her carry-on bag, the guardian reports. she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 - and has been in a rawalpindi prison since."," she was also charged with money laundering offences for allegedly laundering $1.",1.000000
"brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon, previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling. the young england star has moved a step closer to an anfield exit after revealing in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. sterling, 20, has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is `flattered 'by interest from arsenal."," The England Under 21 star, whose contract expires in the summer of 2017, has been linked with a number of clubs including Arsenal and Chelsea, with Arsenal reportedly keen to bring him back to the club.",1.000000
"rangers boss stuart mccall says he is already working on a dossier of signing targets for next season - even though he may not be around to parade them. the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their faltering promotion bid. so far, everything is going to plan with gers second in the scottish championship table and destined for a semi-final play-off slot."," the club have been in talks about a possible move for the likes, but have been unable so to secure a suitable deal for their star striker, who is currently on loan with Celtic from his old club.",1.000000
"she costs taxpayers more than # 39,000 a year in benefits. and now cheryl prudham, a pregnant mother of 11, is blowing some of that cash on a # 10,000 trip to las vegas, it was reported yesterday. the 33-year-old is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with her husband robert, 30, during the `no expense spared 'jaunt."," the trip, which is being billed as the 'most extravagant wedding ever', will cost taxpayers £1,000 a person, including accommodation and meals, and will include the 'largest wedding ever held at the world's largest casino'.",1.000000
"rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic: on pages 16 and 17 of the united review, next to a picture of ander herrera, screamed the words `right place, right time '. that hasn't always been the case during the spaniard's debut season at old trafford. between october 20 and february 17, herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period, prompting much chatter about his place in the squad."," but the reality is, the player who has become the most important player in Manchester's first team since his arrival in 2010 has only played in one of them.",1.000000
"a quadriplegic, former indy racing league driver got a chance to drive on the long beach grand prix road course track sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray. when sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again, according to espn. although he defied the odds last spring, driving on the indianapolis motor speedway, schmidt conquered a trickier task sunday: navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in long beach.","  the team's car was a 2014 Corvette C6 Stingray, modified to be able tow a tow trailer, which was fitted with an electric motor and a battery pack.",1.000000
"aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their fa cup quarter-final matches. it is alleged that villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs' sixth-round victories against west brom and bradford respectively. both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge."," the FA has also issued an apology for any offence caused.",1.000000
"a married couple who each follow different religions came up with an unusual approach to raising their children - bringing up each of them in a separate faith. diane greenberg, a devout catholic, and her husband bob, who is jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. diane took charge of her daughter, katie, 24; while bob took the reins teaching steven, 21, as they grew up in new hope, pennsylvania.","  diane and her husband bob, who are both devout catholics.",1.000000
"arrested: arnold quintero from san antonio, texas. a man has been arrested after a 13-year-old girl was imprisoned, beaten, sexually assaulted and burned with a lighter in america. arnold quintero, 21, from san antonio, texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker."," police say she told officers that she had been sexually abused by her stepdad, who is a convicted felon.",1.000000
"paris st germain coach laurent blanc accepts his side face an almost impossible mission trying to turn around their champions league quarter-final against barcelona at the camp nou on tuesday. the ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant barca led by a lethal luis suarez who grabbed a brace in the 3-1 defeat. they have zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti back from suspension for the second leg but thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured and david luiz is also a fitness doubt."," The match is being played in the Nou Camp, a venue that is not only a venue but a training facility for Barcelona's youth teams and the club's academy teams, as they look to build their own brand in Europe and beyond, and the players are keen to make the trip.",1.000000
"they played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance, these really are dark days for newcastle united. still, at least they returned a club record profit of # 18.7 million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes."," the club has been in the news for the wrong reason this week.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- video may have killed the radio star, but in norway it's digital that's killing fm radio. in two years' time, the scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. that doesn't mean that norwegians will be left with radio silence; they'll merely have to tune in digitally."," but the digital age is already here.",1.000000
"manchester city defender pablo zabaleta accepts the fallen champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four. zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday's derby loss at manchester united having continued a dismal run which has seen city capitulate in the barclays premier league title race. manuel pellegrini's men crashed 4-2 at old trafford, a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a champions league place."," ""We're not going to be in a position to be top of the table, we're not,"" zabala told a news briefing after his team's 2-0 defeat at home to the champions on Sunday evening, adding that the club's confidence was at an end and that they needed to ""get on the right foot"" and get back to playing football again.",1.000000
"albert park - australian grand prix. sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai arrived with a bang in formula one and while races in recent seasons haven't quite had the same excitement seen during its early years, there is enough substance for it to be an intriguing watch on race day.","  The first race of this season, the Singapore grand prix, is set to kick-off on Friday, with the race being held at the Marina bay Sands.",1.000000
"a crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets. barry selby, 54, who lives with his dog in poole, dorset, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery, which appears to be a profile of a human skull. the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet."," he has been told by his local council to remove it from his property and has been advised to report the discovery.",1.000000
"many animals mimic human traits and vice versa but this puppy takes the biscuit. leia, an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep."," leias ears are so large that she has a ""scoop"" on the back.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in haiti in 2010, a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7.","2 magnitude quake in 2010 that devastated the country.",1.000000
"a former new york city investment banker faces trial in eastern long island on charges he raped a woman he took home after celebrating his birthday at a hamptons nightclub. jason lee, 38, a former managing director at goldman sachs, was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east hampton. lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail."," , who was also arrested, is accused in a separate incident of sexually assaulting a 19-year old girl at the home he rented with his girlfriend in the summer resort city.",1.000000
"a bosnian town, home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction. officials in buzim, north west bosnia said their home should be known as the `town of twins', due to the unusually high number of multiple births. local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war."," he was shocked by the fact that there was no official information about twins in the town, which is situated in the north-west corner.",1.000000
"facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. the documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet."," , the documents request, show the lawyer, Michael J.",1.000000
"an entire herd of buffalo has been shot dead by law enforcement in upstate new york after they escaped from a farm. around 15 animals ran away from their pen in schodack in rensselaer county on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river. they then started running down the thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including buffalo and new york city."," the buffalo herd is believed be around 50.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- charlotte dujardin says she is ""living the dream"" as she cements her status as a dressage legend. dujardin and valegro won their their second consecutive reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas at the weekend -- a trophy to sit alongside olympic gold and the world and european titles. while their score of 94.","5 was the highest in world dressages, dujartine's score was the highest in the history.",1.000000
"football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned. a british schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in lanzarote. football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an `accidental drowning '."," the boy's mother said she was shocked by what happened and that she had not been told of his death.",1.000000
"francis coquelin is determined to take his chance at arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend patrick vieira. the frenchman has thrived in the centre of arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at championship side charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. vieira was captain during arsenal's trophy laden beginning to arsene wenger's reign and coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend."," ""it's been a great experience to play alongside him and I'm looking to follow in the steps he has made,"" coqlin told liverpool.",1.000000
"19 kids and counting stars jessa duggar and ben seewald are both known for being incredibly fitness - and health-conscious, and now that they are expecting their first child, they have to adapt their lifestyle. jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband ben announced the the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc.com, which featured them both making health smoothies, and jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly, to ensure that she can remain fit and active while expecting."," ""We're going to do everything in our powers to make sure we can keep our kids healthy,"" jessica told the website.",1.000000
"rescuers were given quite the surprise after a horse that was stuck in a muddy ditch for six hours turned out to be white when it was hosed down. eighteen firefighters freed the havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather. relieved owner tracey hannant, from bexleyheath, south london, said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch."," she was told by the rescue workers it had a black and white coat and was wearing an orange hat and white trousers, but when they tried to remove the coat, the animal began to shake and writhed in pain.",1.000000
"cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army. but it was tony abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her."," it took less than an afternoon for her to be made a member.",1.000000
"the number of immigrants from africa and the caribbean has been increasing in recent years and they now account for almost ten per cent of the overall black population in the united states. foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but they accounted for 8.","5 percent of all blacks in 2000, according the census.",1.000000
"a new anti-smoking advert warning people that they could get colon cancer and be forced to use an ostomy bag for the rest of their lives has drawn the anger of a 19-year-old student who uses one as a consequence of her fight with inflammatory bowel disease. hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad, commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention, to be banned."," ""It's not just a joke, I'm sick and tired,"" she told The Guardian.",1.000000
"a woman's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. rachel sandridge, 29, from maryland, says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor. sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs.","  a man's wife was left devastated after his wife's doctor found she had cancer during a colonoscopies and was given the option of surgery.",1.000000
"the number plate that got jeremy clarkson and his former top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina was a direct reference to the falklands war, a judge has ruled. while the bbc claimed the plate, which read h982 fkl, was an `unhappy coincidence ', maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately` provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year. in a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as `arrogant and disrespectful '."," she said: ""it was not a deliberate act of provocation but rather a calculated act of intimidation.",1.000000
"the queen was today joined by her husband the duke of edinburgh as she met the canadian highlanders to mark the bravery of the country's servicemen and women in the first world war. her majesty, who looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress, was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square, central london. during the first world war commemorations, the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while prince philip sat for a portrait with the royal hamilton light infantry."," The queen and her wife were accompanied on the visit by her brother the king, the king's wife, queen alexandra and her brother the ducal peer.",1.000000
"a family is fearing for a missing colorado father of five who was last seen nearly two weeks ago while making a purchase of more than $350 at a southern california walmart. oliver pareece jones, 37, was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26 am.","                The family of the man missing since last week has started a Go Fund Me account to help cover the cost of his medical bills.",1.000000
"first they made a life-sized bronze statue of him, and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour. barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director, who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his oscar winning film, vicky cristina barcelona. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, la llotja, following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building."," the centre is being built by a group led by architect and architect-in-chief of barclay, michael lees, who has been working with lees on a number of projects, including the museum in the city centre, and the museum in the city centre.",1.000000
"chelsea match-winner cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road. the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green. the win moved jose mourinho's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal.","  ""I was very happy to score the goal,"" said fabre.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- erika langhart had a zest for life. by the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries. after graduating from college she was working in washington and thinking about going to law school."," she had been working in washingtondecentral.",1.000000
"a teacher has been banned from the classroom after he let pupils change their exam answers invalidating his whole school's sats results. ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds, which assess english, maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury, gloucestershire. this was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard."," the teacher was also accused by pupils and parents who said he had been disrespectful to the examiners.",1.000000
"angela merkel threw down the gauntlet to david cameron last night and said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers. the german chancellor demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength. the call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean, where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy."," the greeks are also struggling with the refugee problem in the south, where thousands have fled the war in Syria and are now seeking asylum in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.",1.000000
"the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people. a video from the office features characters in `safety suits' including bubbleman, a` fashionista 'wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights. the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone, including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year."," the video also features a man in a suit talking about how to avoid getting hit by a moving vehicle, while a man in a suit talking about how to avoid getting hit by a moving car.",1.000000
"an indian farmer hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children. with furious demonstrations going on below him in the capital delhi, ganjendra singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at ram manohar lohia hospital."," The incident took place on the outskirts of the capital, about 30 km away from the capital's central business hub.",1.000000
"having been on the receiving end of a 6-1 thumping, a defeat like that could be justifiably met with a backlash by angry supporters. watching a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit come the end of the reverse encounter too could send many fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side. however that doesn't appear the case for those devoted to porto.","  a 2-0 victory for Porto in the first leg was a big step forward, but the result in Lisbon is not a foregone outcome, and it's not a matter of if, it will happen.",1.000000
"former leeds and england coach tony smith admits he was shocked by kevin sinfield's decision to switch codes but, on reflection, believes it could be an inspired decision. sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the rhinos' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract. sinfield, who is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points, told a news conference at headingley he did not want to play against rhinos and that the opportunity to spearhead carnegie's bid for a premiership return was too good to resist."," sinfield said: ""I'm not sure if I was shocked by it or if I was just thinking, 'I've got to do this'.""",1.000000
"it has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the uk. thousands of the 165ft towers line the land, spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat's cradle of high-voltage cables. but their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday -- complete with a pair of distinctive `earrings'."," the towers are being built in the heart, or rather the heart of, the capital city of the uk, with the tower being built in a series of 'bricks', each of which is about 1.",1.000000
"over the past couple of weeks it hasn't just been zayn malik's departure from one direction that has been making the headlines, it's been his personal life too. for zayn's relationship with little mix singer perrie edwards as come under scrutiny as the 22-year-old was once again accused of cheating on his fiance. at the weekend swedish model martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently."," The couple have since denied the claims and have been accused by fans of being ""totally in denial"" over the matter.",1.000000
"jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday. the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run, seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. 'i think it's down to confidence,' he said of his victory.","  'it's a bit like the world cup.",1.000000
"former arsenal forward andrei arshavin is set to be released by russian league leaders zenit st petersburg at the end of the season, along with veteran ukraine midfielder anatoly tymoshchuk. zenit coach andre villas-boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair, whose current deals expire at the end of the season. the former chelsea and tottenham manager said: `the situation is developing so that their contracts run out."," they have been playing well for the club, but they are still young players and it's not clear how they will perform.",1.000000
"the wife of paedophile and former bega cheese ceo maurice van ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls, a court has heard. the father of one of van ryn's victims has also been seen in her backyard, lawyer francois salama told the nsw supreme court on thursday morning. `she's concerned for her safety, 'he told van ryn's sentencing hearing."," the court was told that the wife had received several threatening phone calls and letters from the van's father, who is also a paedophiles.",1.000000
"george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video assaulting a woman in panama city. a third suspect has been arrested by police as a suspect in a brutal sexual assault that occurred on a florida beach. george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city."," a third suspected is a man who was arrested in the case and is being held in jail on $50 000 bond.",1.000000
"a grandmother nicknamed the `fairy dogmother 'spends more than # 28,000 a year looking after the stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home. for more than 30 years, pat senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton, greater manchester, with the animals, taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary. she estimates that she spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets."," she says she is grateful for the help of the public, who donate food, clothing and money for the animals, and she hopes that the money will be used for the animals' welfare and to provide for the animals themselves.",1.000000
"these images show the world's smallest working gun - which is shorter than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34 mm in diameter. created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.","  the gun is designed by the artist to fire a single round, which is fired from a small, flat-head screw-in barrel.",1.000000
"leeds midfielder rudi austin was sent off in the first half as blackburn warmed up for wednesday's home fa cup quarter-final replay against liverpool with a 3-0 win. austin saw red in the 39th minute for elbowing ben marshall off the ball and though leeds resisted strongly until just after the hour mark, second-half goals by tom cairney, jordan rhodes and jay spearing settled the match. rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches while leeds' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end."," leed's win was their first away win since the 2nd of june, when they drew 1–1 at the new stadium.",1.000000
"castleford's blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery. the news could have been worse for carney, who dislocated his elbow in the tigers' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared. castleford winger justin carney is set to be out for up to months after being told he needs elbow surgery."," the news could've be worse, but it's not as if he's going to be sidelined for long.",1.000000
"matt dunford, 30, who claimed to be `britain's vainest man ', has been ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work for harassing an ex-girlfriend, pictured today outside court. a fitness fanatic dubbed` britain's vainest man' who set up a fake website claiming his ex-girlfriend was a prostitute has been ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work for harassing her. matt dunford, 30, bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down."," the ex told the Daily Mail : 'I'm a very lonely woman and I'm very lonely because I don´T have anyone to talk about it with.",1.000000
"australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his `inappropriate and disrespectful 'anzac day tweets. mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter yesterday, calling it` the cultification of an imperialist invasion,' and accusing australian diggers of committing war crimes which included `widespread rape and theft. 'in a joint statement, sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport, ken shipp said mcintyre's` highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable."," 'we have taken action against him,' the statement said, adding: `scotts has taken the appropriate action against him.'",1.000000
"`my, my! at waterloo napoleon did surrender, 'sang sweden's fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner. now this may come as a surprise, but you would be well advised not to rely on abba to help with your history homework."," The Swedish national team is not known for their musical prowess.",1.000000
"a journalist for a russian tv station has been severely injured after stepping on a land mine in ukraine, following a night of heavy fighting between russian-backed rebels and government forces. andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne, a village near mariupol in east ukraine, and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds. mr lunev, reportedly from donetsk, ukraine, received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues, before he was taken to hospital.","  a journalist from russia's tv channel has been seriously wounded by stepping in an explosive device while reporting on a recent battle in shyrogynes, in eastern Ukraine.",1.000000
"the probe into the suicide of a 12-year-old girl was more of a `publicity stunt 'than an investigation, according to a new lawsuit. rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland, florida in september 2013. the following month, the polk county sheriff's office said she likely killed herself following` malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, katelyn roman, then 12, and guadalupe shaw, 13."," the two were arrested and later convicted.",1.000000
"celebrity residents and good commuter links to the city have made esher in surrey the country's number one income tax hotspot, research shows. those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency -- home to gary lineker, frank lampard, mick hucknall and chris tarrant -- have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year. they paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging # 16,900, almost four times the national average of # 4,363, a study by accountancy group uhy hacker young found."," The report also revealed that the average household in the eshers paid a total tax bill of $1,890, while those in the borough of esher and walton payed a tax rate that was just over $1,000.",1.000000
"a merry widow from edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. pat ingles, 69, remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. in comparison, the retired hairdresser, prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours."," ""she was always the party girl,"" says pat ingle, ""but she was also the one who always had the money.""",1.000000
"oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport. for the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men. hot favourites oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against cambridge, as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the men.","  oxbridge women were led in by a strong showing by laurin and her sister, jessica.",1.000000
"a green-skinned figure in a medieval manuscript may look very familiar to star wars fans. the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document. but in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson, one expert claims."," the illustration was created by artist and historian, John C.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- on april 20, 2010, a final cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed, causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in u.s. history and taking the lives of 11 rig workers.","  The well was drilled on May 2nd, 2010, and was expected to produce about 1,000,000 gallons per day.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united nations is appealing for $174 million to help nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. boko haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques. it has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year."," the UN says the country is facing a ""cataclysm"" and has appealed to donors for help to cope.",1.000000
"a father and two children, aged eight and two, were killed after their suv rolled over on a highway. the car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county, on central florida's atlantic coast. authorities say 38-year-old uriel miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter yaretsi miranda died saturday evening at a hospital."," uri was the son and daughter's father.",1.000000
"claims by the country's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. after the labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure, with shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as `shocking ', the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that` these are not all unique users'. it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million -- and possibly lower still."," The figure, based on the latest figures available, was used to claim that the Trussland Trust had served 1 million people in a single year, when in reality the figure is likely to have been closer to 500,00.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- jackson gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old. by day he is an industrial design student at philadelphia university, but gordon has another side to him -- a side altogether darker, tougher and more enigmatic. hanging in his workshop gordon has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife."," he has a secret weapon, one that could change everything.",1.000000
"babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free `lucky 'silver pennies. the royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013. parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess, due later this month, will have to register the birth of their child on the royal mint's facebook page to receive the commemorative gift."," the lucky silver penny will also go on display in the royal vault at Buckingham Palace.",1.000000
"mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to the powers that be within the german giant and demand extra revenue to fight off the new threat of ferrari. from out of the blue, it was the scarlet red of ferrari that was back on the top step of the podium for the first time in almost two years last time out in malaysia, pushing reigning champion lewis hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg down to second and third. from the threat of another silver arrows-dominated campaign in the wake of last year's stunning success and crushing start to the season in australia, formula one was provided with a much-needed tonic with ferrari's return to winning ways courtesy of sebastian vettel."," the team's new-look car has been the subject to a lot more criticism this time round, but it has proved a much more effective weapon than the old one.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn's britt mchenry this week found herself in the news, rather than reporting on it, after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington, virginia. among the highlights, as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to liveleak: ""i'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer, honey,"" and ""i wouldn't work at a scumbag place like this. makes my skin crawl even being here."," i don't know what you're talking bout.""",1.000000
"a drug-addicted ryanair steward who swiped a # 500 camera left on a flight was rumbled by the owner who spotted the listing on ebay and reported him to police. teacher aaron galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in the czech republic capital. ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the # 499 nikon."," the camera was returned to the flight and the flight was diverted.",1.000000
"he is a world cup winner, spanish football legend, and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit. and now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of andrés iniesta after he listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb. the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the `bodega iniesta 'vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out."," the vineyard is located on a private road in la mancha, which is just a few minutes drive away to the beach and is just minutes away by car.",1.000000
"a teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence. on september 7, 2014, samantha giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, before she was abandoned. so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved.","  ""it's not just about the car, but about the people who were involved,"" she said, adding she was left traumatized and unable to work for a year after the attack, and has since moved back to the suburbs where she lives.",1.000000
"polk city, florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- if you drove by it, you wouldn't even know it's there. the ringling bros.. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida, halfway between orlando and sarasota, off a nondescript country road."," the park's name is derived from the fact that the ringling brodens are the largest circus company, and they're the largest elephant company in the country.",1.000000
"manchester city are coming up against statistically the deadliest striker in the premier league when they face crystal palace on easter monday. glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season - giving him a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively, behind papiss cisse and olivier giroud."," theres no way that harry and papiss can keep up with the strikers of this league.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- getting caught napping on the job is never good. getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level. alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.","  ""I looked up and saw the plane was on fire,"" said passenger and flight attendants Mike and Karen Kuzminski, both from Anchorage, who were sitting on the tarp on the plane.",1.000000
"a filmmaker, whose older sister has down syndrome, is confronting the misuse of the word `retarded 'and exploring the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult in her upcoming documentary, which aims to change the way people think, speak and act. amanda lukoff, from arlington, virginia, teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo. the director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c."," harrison, and her sister, who has been battling the word since childhood, and is now a vocal supporter.",1.000000
"feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water, and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue. born on january 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of tokyo. initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs were encouraged by their mother, cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space.","  caro, who is a female, was able, after a few minutes of coaxing, to get the cubs into their enclosure.",1.000000
"fabio capello claimed john terry is still england's best defender and maintained he should never have been stripped of his captaincy. speaking about the terry race row for the first time since leaving his post as england manager, capello said england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea stalwart at their disposal. `i think john is england's best defender and they have not got a lot of defenders, 'said capello,` it is better to have a player like john than not have him."," `i think terry is a good player but he is a bit old and he is not as good a defender.",1.000000
"former american president ronald reagan asked mikhail gorbachev for help from russia to `fight the alien invader '. the president and former actor went off-script during a peace summit in geneva in the 1980s to ask the soviet leader for his support in the event of an invasion from extra terrestrial life. reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students, and his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them.","  the former president also said that he was not worried that he was going into a world war with Russia.",1.000000
"david bulman -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face. a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing. david bulman, 55, and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing."," lubova was left bruised after the argument and was taken by paramedics.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- would you want a tv program about your family history to include details of a distant, long-deceased relative who had owned slaves? seriously, who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to other than a remote bloodline? i wouldn't, and neither did ben affleck, who lobbied producers of a pbs show, ""finding your roots,"" to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather benjamin cole, a georgia slave owner in the mid-1800's, in an episode that looked at affleck's family history."," the show's producers, however, decided that they would not be censoring their own history.",1.000000
"arsenal legend paul merson has been forced into an embarrassing climbdown and admitted he was wrong to criticise the england call up for andros townsend. the tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a stunning strike in tuesday's 1-1 draw with italy in turin. it was the perfect riposte after merson said in his sky sports column: `if andros townsend can get in -lrb- the england squad -rrb- then it opens it up for anybody."," if they don`t get in, then it opens it up to anybody`s team.",1.000000
"ahead of this weekend's premier league action, sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for swansea's home clash with everton... swansea city vs everton -lrb- liberty stadium -rrb-. team news.","  swansport's home fixture against everton on Sunday, August 2, is a vital fixture for the Swansea City Football Club, who are looking for a second consecutive league win after a 1 - 1 draw at home against Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday.",1.000000
"philippe coutinho fired liverpool into the fa cup semi-finals and made it a night to remember for jordan henderson. liverpool's captain provided the 70th-minute assist for coutinho to break blackburn rovers' resistance and secure a 1-0 win that sets up a wembley date against aston villa a week on sunday. it has been a dramatic 24 hours for henderson, as his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter, alba."," the couple are due in a week to celebrate their first anniversary, which is a fitting end for the man they call ""my best mate"".",1.000000
"there's nothing better than a succulent steak, sizzling from the hot plate, charred to perfection on the outside, bursting with juices within. people often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that's bone dry, grey-hued and distinctly unappetising. so what is the best way to cook the perfect steak?"," the secret is in knowing how much to add and when to leave the meat out, so you don´t end up in a mess.",1.000000
"caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside nfl star j.j. watt.","  the star of the show is wearing a white jersey with the words 'jazz' on it and a white hat.",1.000000
"hearts have confirmed that captain danny wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract. despite having a further year left on his current deal at tynecastle, the 23-year-old has decided to look for a new challenge in the wake of leading the gorgie outfit to championship title success. wilson initially joined hearts on loan from liverpool in january 2013 before then putting pen to paper on a three-year contract."," he has been with the club since the start, making his debut against houston in mid January 2013.",1.000000
"andrea dossena, a man liverpool once shelled out # 7million for, has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods. the 33-year-old, who now plies his trade with league one strugglers leyton orient, was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday. dossena, whose crowning moment for liverpool came when he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league, was later bailed."," the london man, who has a history with liverpool, has been charged under section 4(1)(a) ofthe liverpool fans' charter, which allows for a fine of £500 to £1,000 for a first offense.",1.000000
"fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned. while the drinks are said to have health benefits, some brands contain more than a day's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. the local government association, which represents councils that are responsible for public health, accused soft drink firms of `dragging their heels' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products."," the association's chief executive, John McQuaid said: ""it is a serious issue and we are calling for the government to act to protect consumers from excessive consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages.",1.000000
"every police force in england and wales will be required to record anti-muslim hate crimes and treat them as seriously as anti-semitic attacks if the tories win the next general election, theresa may has announced. in a move hailed by islamic groups, mrs may said that police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category, just as anti-semitic crimes are recorded separately. at present some forces, including london's metropolitan police, do record islamophobic crimes as such."," the prime minster said that if she wins reeve, she would make the recording a crime and treat it as such.",1.000000
"new delhi, india -lrb- cnn -rrb- as the earth shook in nepal, tremors were felt over the border in india as well. it was a call to action: within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake, india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission."," The government of indianapolise announced on Monday that the country's emergency services would begin sending food, medicine and water supplies to Nepal.",1.000000
"one in five parents sedates their children before a long road trip, despite fears the medication can cause breathing problems. a national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families which revealed four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an ipad, while another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. almost 20 per cent of nsw families use a more extreme technique, admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant."," the study found the majority of families are not aware of the dangers of sedative drugs and the majority of parents admit they have not taken the drug in years, despite warnings from the medical profession and the government that they can be dangerous.",1.000000
"doctors solved the mystery behind an arkansas man's kidney failure after discovering he loved downing a gallon of iced tea every day. medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses."," doctors at the arkancean hospital for medical science at little rock found that a person who drinks a gallon of tea every morning is at a higher risk for developing kidney stones than a regular person, according to the university of Arkansas.",1.000000
"a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away `every piece of joy 'in her life. jessica howard, 23, denounced` night stalker' clive howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life."," she also said that she was determined to get the rapist off her life and that he should be jailed for the remainder, which she said would have a 'chill' on her family.",1.000000
"last weekend, after a sunny day in the borders, i posted this picture of myself on twitter with the caption `just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing! 'i admit, it wasn't a particularly funny joke, but i had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of scotland's first minister and the leader of the snp. i was called ugly, vile,` someone who deserves to die', and one wit even `hoped i would catch malaria '."," but the most interesting thing about this incident was the reaction i received.",1.000000
"a football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport -- from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days. dave doggett, the boss of league two outfit cambridge united, believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their `gangs'."," he said he has seen a number of incidents involving rival fans and he fears the problem is getting worse.",1.000000
"arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday. sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave, and following the world cup, the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger's expert guidance, going on to make an instant impression in english football. the french coach, however, admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards."," the manager, however, admits the possibilitylondoncould use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations on suárez's moveto thenouncamp.",1.000000
"designer lilly pulitzer's family learned that it's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the `pink sunday 'rush for the late ms pulitzer's eponymous brand's brightly-colored, limited edition collaboration at target. the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm."," ""It was like, 'I can do this,' "" she says.",1.000000
"kathmandu, nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now, but tanka maya sitoula has one of them. the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck, bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment."," ""I was sleeping when the earthquake happened,"" said Kath, whose house is on a hillside.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- shops looted and set ablaze. terrified foreigners hiding in police stations and stadiums. machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in major cities in south africa."," -lrb- The attacks were the latest of several that the Islamic extremist group has launched in the past year.",1.000000
"newcastle midfielder jonas gutierrez is hoping to celebrate his return to first-team action with a much-needed derby victory over struggling sunderland. the 31-year-old argentinian has appeared as a substitute in each of the magpies' last three games following his return from testicular cancer, and has been welcomed warmly back into the fold on and off the pitch. however, he has finished on the losing side on each occasion and is desperate to end that run as newcastle attempt to bounce back from an unprecedented four successive defeats by their arch-rivals at the stadium of light on sunday.","  gutierrez has played just one minute in the last three matches and is yet to feature for his club this season.",1.000000
"simon calvert of the christian institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job. schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons, union leaders say. the national union of teachers has called for a `positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made` compulsory 'under the next government."," the national union of teachers has said forcing schools to teach sex education lessons would make them `choosing their job'.",1.000000
"europe's controversial new laws banning ultra-thin models from strutting down the catwalk may be doing more harm than good as models are reportedly going to extreme measures to ensure they clock in at a `healthy 'weight when they hop on the scale - including stuffing their underwear with sandbags. earlier this month france passed a new law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low, in an attempt to combat anorexia. and the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fines of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models."," the new rules were passed in the wake the death of a young model, and the French government has since announced that models will be banned if they have an average weight between 18 and 25 stone, or a BMI of 25 or higher.",1.000000
"politicians are criss-crossing the country wooing voters ahead of the election in 27 days' time. but in more than half of seats the result is already known, according to new analysis of safe seats. more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted, because one party is so far ahead.","  The latest analysis of the most important seats in the UK, compiled by political analyst John Curtice from polling firm Comres, reveals the result in the House of Lords, where Labour is leading by just 1.",1.000000
"manchester city are preparing bids for english trio raheem sterling, ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad. the club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of frank lampard and uncertainty over james milner's future exacerbating the problem. etihad stadium chiefs have moved to address the situation and are expected to lodge offers for liverpool winger sterling, everton midfielder barkley and southampton striker rodriguez.","  manchester City are preparing to bid for the trio of English players as part of an summer overhaul of their squad.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- five years ago, rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. this week, she got threatened for her action. the trouble started monday, when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question."," the response: ""what the fuck are you talking abou rick rogers?""",1.000000
"it was due to be a routine mission to examine the depths of the gulf of mexico. however, researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean. rather than the deep sea squid and corals they expected to see, a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub - causing gasps and shouts of `holy cow 'from the sub's operators."," the scientists had no idea what to make of this unexpected visitor.",1.000000
"the city of eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships. the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council, who decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a `unique strategic opportunity to host the iaaf world championships for the first time in the usa '. eugene failed last november in its bid to host the 2019 event, which was instead awarded to doha, but a recent presentation to the iaaf persuaded the governing body the city has what it takes to stage a world championships."," the ianfederation has also decided to host the iafworld championships in a city with a population of less then 1,000,000.",1.000000
"chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto, according to club president naoki ogane. the japan international, who has played for the j-league side since 2013, will join chelsea's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer. ogane claims that chelsea's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february."," muto has been linked with several other top European sides including FC Twente, FC Koln and FC Basle.",1.000000
"the german government had been warned of a heightened risk of flying over eastern ukraine just days before the mh17 disaster last year, it has been claimed. despite being told of the risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash, germany failed to pass on the warning, local media reported. malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17, and all 298 aboard were killed."," the incident was the worst air accident in the history, with a total loss in life estimated at over 1,000.",1.000000
"ed balls has been accused of treating the public with `contempt 'after dismissing as a` joke' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010, was just a `jokey note '. mr byrne's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated:` dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money."," i think we should get rid, but i'm not sure we should.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the quaint town of dunblane, scotland, has been set abuzz by the wedding of tennis legend andy murray to his long-term girlfriend, kim sears. saturday's event -- dubbed ""the royal wedding of scotland"" -- took place at dunblane cathedral, with cheering crowds spilling onto the streets to support their home-grown talent. the grand slam and olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt, while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by british designer jenny packham."," The wedding was attended with a mix-and/ or mix-and-matched crowd of locals, visitors and locals.",1.000000
"fully charged: the new scheme will let ee customers pick up free portable chargers. the uk's biggest mobile network has announced details of a scheme to help customers keep their mobile phones charged. ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are."," the ee shop will also be offering a free recharge for any e-book that is bought with an extra £5 charge.",1.000000
"this adorable dancer's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation. the talented toddler, believed to be from china and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. happily bobbing along to the music, the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old, slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware, as seen in a video on the people's daily online."," the adorable dancer's incredible balancing skills have made she on overnight online phenomenon.(",1.000000
"police are using tiny plastic lego figures in a campaign to warn people about the rising tide of housebreakings in scotland. officers from police scotland's edinburgh division -- which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent -- posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime. last night, victims branded the move as `insensitive 'and` a joke'."," The officers have been posting pictures of the lego models on their facebook pages as a way of warning the public of the rising tide of breakins.",1.000000
"a kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease is now fighting for custody of her child after the 11-year-old boy disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school. shona banda, 37, who published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for crohn's disease, has a custody hearing monday in garden city, kansas. her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services."," bando's attorney, David Lutz, says he has filed a motion to have her son returned.",1.000000
"it could have easily been passed off as an april fool's day joke, but for one couple winning the # 53million euromillions jackpot was a reality. richard and angela maxwell, from coningsby in lincolnshire, became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. the couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with mr maxwell planning to retire and play bowls."," but he is also keen on a new house, which is currently under renovation.",1.000000
"james webster, 35, was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency. a voyeur who used a hidden camera to film up women's skirts as they bent over freezers in lidl has been spared jail. james webster targeted female shoppers at the lidl store in maidenhead, berkshire, as they hunted for bargains in the large chest freezers.","  james websters, 35, was spared prison after admitting in a video he filmed women's skirts being bent down as she bent to pick them up.",1.000000
"lancashire have signed australia all-rounder james faulkner as their overseas player for the bulk of this summer. faulkner will arrive after his indian premier league commitments to replace compatriot peter siddle, who will play in the red rose's first four lv = county championship matches before joining the australia squad. faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand to win the world cup last month, taking three for 36 to help bowl the black caps out for 183 in a seven-wicket victory."," , who was named man- of the game as the umpiring committee gave him the nod, said he had been looking forward to playing for the team for some time.",1.000000
"ronny deila bemoaned the refereeing blunder which cost ten-man celtic side a crack at a rare domestic treble. virgil van dijk's sublime 16th free-kick gave the parkhead side a dream start to their scottish cup semi-final clash with inverness. but the parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball from josh meekings."," the ball fell kindly for the home fans, who were treated to a spectacular display from the home side, who were rewarded with their second goal in four minutes.",1.000000
"juan mata has collected his player of the month award for march from manchester united and was quick to thank his supporters after receiving the gong. mata scored both goals as united overturned liverpool with a 2-1 win at anfield, while also producing an impressive display in the 3-0 home victory over tottenham. the spain international's return to the united side coincided with two of the best performances from louis van gaal's team this season against spurs and liverpool and the fans were quick to acknowledge mata's influence."," The award is presented to the club player of the year and the player of the month award goes out to a team player of the year and a player who has contributed significantly in the club's campaign, and the player who best represents their club.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq didn't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden, the influence of anwar al-awlaki, or the notoriety of adam gadahn. still, he was a big deal. that's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west, but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group."," The man who was the most important figure to the al qaida in the early days of al-Qaeda, was al qaida's founder and chief ideologist.",1.000000
"fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. the highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress."," The dress was created by the brand's creative director and stylists and is a black and grey lace dress that is inspired from the iconic black dress from the movie ""the black ones"" and is inspired by the classic black and white dress from the film ""the one and the only"".",1.000000
"a vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women. close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company wicked campers, after the brand failed remove `sexist 'paintings from their vans including the slogan,` in every princess, there's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once'. the brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet, prompting the company's ceo john webb to promise in july last year to remove the slogans within six months."," the company has since promised to remove all offensive messages within six weeks.",1.000000
"blackburn rovers are in familiar territory facing an fa cup replay against one of the country's best, only this time it's liverpool and not manchester city. last season, the championship side held eventual premier league champions city to a draw, but were then thrashed 5-0 in the return. none-the-less, midfielder tom cairney didn't come away from the game empty handed and grabbed yaya toure's shirt at the end, which takes pride of place framed in his living room."," The game was a little more competitive, but the home side were able avenge a 2 - 1 loss to the u21 side last season.",1.000000
"middlesbrough's patrick bamford has been named the championship player of the year at the football league awards. bamford, on loan at the riverside stadium from chelsea, received the award at the gala ceremony in london on sunday evening in front of over 600 guests, following a vote among club managers. the 21-year-old beat competition from ipswich town's daryl murphy and watford's troy deeney to claim the overall sky bet championship player of the year award.","  the awards ceremony took a special focus on bams outstanding performances in his debut campaign, as he was named the league's player of the month for January and January and January.",1.000000
"is this the world's safest bike? its designers certainly think so. boasting front and rear lights, rear view mirrors and even a car horn, the team behind the electric babel bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety."," , a bike that is designed for the urban commuter and is powered by a lithium-ion battery pack.",1.000000
"break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners' names tattooed on their bodies. jessica hardy, 23, from hereford, was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid. `i'm desperate to get rid of it, i have bad dreams about it, 'she said on channel 5 show tattoo disasters."," `it was a really hard thing for me to get rid off, it's just a name, it doesn't mean much, i don't want to be associated with it, it's not my name, i'm not going anywhere, i'm just trying to forget it, it's just not my thing, i don't know how i can get over it, it was really hard, i was really upset about that, i was so upset, i couldn`t sleep for days, i was so upset about that.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the reserve deputy who shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun, and another deputy who can be heard cursing at the suspect after he was shot, were not in their normal states of mind because of the elevated stress of apprehending the suspect, according to a tulsa, oklahoma, investigator. tulsa police sgt. jim clark, who has been brought in to review the case, said tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates, 73, ""inadvertently"" shot eric courtney harris after harris -- a possibly pcp-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer -- ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting."," ""The officer was not in his normal state of mind,"" said clark, adding the deputy's behavior ""is a concern.""",1.000000
"why would you spend your holiday at another nondescript hotel, when you could have your own island, and stay in a 19th century lighthouse, all for the same price as a b&b. the impressive ile louët is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany, france, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat. groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of $200 -lrb- # 145 / $215 -rrb- for two nights."," The hotel has a private balcony, which is ideal if you are planning a romantic get away, but if you are looking to enjoy a more intimate experience, the balcony is also available for groups.",1.000000
"the senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on australian soil in a flash new propaganda video. authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - former melbourne man neil prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday. now al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his `beloved brothers' to` rise up 'and attack targets in australia."," The video was posted to YouTube by the Australian Islamic Council, which is linked with the Islamic Movement of Australia (IMA), a group that has been accused by the federal government and police of being a terrorist group, and has been linked with the Islamic Movement of NSW (MMI).",1.000000
"one of two teenagers feared to have crossed into syria to join isis is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi -lrb- pictured -rrb-, who became britain's youngest convicted terrorist when he was found guilty of terror offences at the age of 18 in 2008. a relative of britain's youngest convicted terrorist is believed to be among two teenagers who have fled into syria to join isis. the pair from dewsbury, west yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones."," the two teenagers were last heard of by relatives on Monday.",1.000000
"this was as far away from the ashes cauldron as it is possible to be but a quiet day of run scoring against sub-standard opposition in picturesque basseterre at the start of england's caribbean tour meant everything to jonathan trott. it must have seemed to trott that he would never again bat for england when he suffered that brutal dismantling at the hands of mitchell johnson during england's ill-fated last ashes tour almost 18 months ago. yet here he was, recovered from the mental condition that forced his departure from australia and now certain of a new role opening the batting in the first test in antigua next week."," the only thing that was missing was a chance at a hundred.",1.000000
"mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els, as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman, an american representative of the rank and file. last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows.","  the first-day winner was the only one to take the lead in the afternoon and it was his first-round shot at the par-5 18th that would prove to be his undoings.",1.000000
"nigel jackson, 59, a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has written a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died. a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has admitted burying her body in the garden but denies killing her, claiming she must have died during a bungled burglary. nigel jackson, 59, was arrested at his country home in alvor, near portimao in the algarve, in january, after the body of his wife brenda davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside."," police said the couple had been married for more then 30 months and were expecting a baby girl.",1.000000
"a pair of foxes viciously fight to the death in a battle to claim a lone vixen. the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle. wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera."," the pair were captured on film by a camera mounted to a camera phone.",1.000000
"celebrities and dietitians have been promoting back-to-basic diets and warning us off processed foods for years - and the trend is now taking hold in the pet world. three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones in his quest to lose weight. his owners, margaret and patrick evans from leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas.","  'We've been trying to get rid the dog's fat and the dog has just kept getting bigger and bigger.",1.000000
"manchester united striker james wilson has revealed that if he could take one quality from team-mate wayne rooney and add it to his own game, it would be the england captain's ability to take free-kicks. the 19-year-old, speaking during an interview in may's issue of inside united, added that he would want robin van persie's movement and radamel falcao's instincts. the united starlet said earlier this season that he was using his opportunity training with the first team to learn from the three experienced forwards, who have scored more than 450 professional goals between them."," ""I think that if I could add something to my game, it would probably come with the captain's movement and his ability to get forward and take free kicks.",1.000000
"north west was a happy traveller on tuesday as she arrived in paris with her famous parents. the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city, as well as kim's home nation of armenia."," the family was greeted with a warm hug and a kiss from their new home, as they were greeted by a large group from pariscan.",1.000000
"two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in western australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. the concerns around fiona stanley hospital, in southwest perth, were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources. however, according to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty."," the hospital has a population of around 2200 and is located on a rural site.",1.000000
"wayne rooney knows champions league qualification is manchester united's to lose, making this weekend's clash with aston villa all the more important. louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings as the season enters the closing stages, boasting a five-point cushion over the chasing pack after winning so impressively at liverpool before the international break. juan mata's brace earned united a deserved 2-1 triumph at anfield to give them a buffer over the reds, as well as fellow top-four contenders southampton and tottenham."," The game is a chance to see how United are doing against a team who are in a league of their own.",1.000000
"a 15-year-old boy has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train after his mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police. deshawn isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal position, according to assistant state's attorney joe dibella. isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand and spent it on junk food, air jordan track suits and his graduation fees, dibella said."," dubai israeli israelian teen is arrested for robbing, assaulting and sexually assaulting an elderly man in a park.",1.000000
"the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa `started applauding and cheering 'when his vessel was entirely submerged, according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. crew aboard sea shepherd vessel bob barker, which had been pursuing the ruined vessel named thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in antarctic waters, found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded.` what was incredibly strange was that the captain of the thunder, when the vessel did actually sink, started applauding and cheering, which i took to be very unusual behaviour and further evidence that he deliberately sank his own vessel,' captain peter hammarstedt told fairfax media.","` the captain was not the first person in the world who was caught up by the thunder's distress signal, but the fact that he was able, despite being in the water for 110 days and being unable, to continue to celebrate and cheer was a testament of his skill.",1.000000
"a san diego man who operated a `revenge porn 'website and then charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information was sentenced friday to 18 years in state prison, the attorney general's office said. kevin bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states."," The case began in February 2011 when the attorney general's office began investigating a complaint from an individual that a woman had been sexually harassed and threatened by bollaert, who operated the website Revenge Porn News.",1.000000
"men do almost twice the amount of housework after they retire - but they are still doing far less than their wives, according to new research. the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired."," women, on average did just one hour a week of domestic work.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. it celebrates the completion of christ's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection. by dying on good friday, christ atoned for the sins of others; by rising from the grave on sunday, christ conquered death.","  the event has a lot to do w/ christ's death and resurrection.",1.000000
"famous italian designers like fendi, gucci and prada may be toted by celebrities such as rihanna, kate moss and katy perry, but few are probably aware of the history behind the brands they wear. a new book has now archived the changing face of italian fashion, from the post-war years to the 21st century. italian glamour: the essence of italian fashion, from the postwar years to the present day, captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images."," the book is a fascinating journey into a world that has been shaped and changed over time, and is now a vibrant part and parcel of our lives.",1.000000
"some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar, dentist dr sameer patel warns. a busy working week can take its toll on our lives, leaving little time to plan our meals. from breakfast at the desk to the mid-afternoon slump, the temptation to take short cuts and grab the nearest pick me up is too much to resist.","  the problem with breakfast cereal is that it is not a simple matter of adding a little bit to your morning cup of coffee or cereal.",1.000000
"australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his `inappropriate and disrespectful 'anzac day tweets. mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter yesterday, calling it` the cultification of an imperialist invasion,' and accusing australian diggers of committing war crimes which included `widespread rape and theft. 'in a joint statement, sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport, ken shipp said mcintyre's` highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable."," The sb has also suspended the broadcaster`s chief executive officer and the sbs chief of news and sport.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the next time you fly to see grandma in florida, look down. the next time you take the kids on a pilgrimage to see the talking mouse or head down to south beach for some sun/sin, get a window seat and spend the moments before landing contemplating the seemingly endless swamp below. because there are few places that represent the folly of man -- and the cost of redemption -- like the everglades."," -lrb -r -r- the next thing you know, you're sitting on the beach, staring out over the ocean.",1.000000
"irbil, iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis claimed it controlled part of iraq's largest oil refinery sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday. by sunday, isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control."," isi also said to have seized the oil refinery's main gate, but said the operation had been halted by the government.",1.000000
"professor stephen hawking: world-renowned physicist, best-selling author - and now he's shown off his musical talents as well. one of the world's greatest scientists has covered monty python's classic galaxy song, taking listeners on a journey out of the milky way. the author of a brief history of time can be seen in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair, while the footage is interspersed with scenes of the monty python live shows."," the music video is the latest addition to the author's collection, which also features the music videos of his children and his grandchildren.",1.000000
"when it comes to the coachella festival, a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles, outlandish headgear and plenty of skin - and 2015 has been no exception. but as the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in indio, california, some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful. from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos, could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet?"," the answers to that question will be answered in the next few weeks.",1.000000
"the woman falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo has been snapped cutting lines of a suspicious-looking white powder. sarah watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender at a christmas party for the team. but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort # 100,000 from the footballer."," the former footballer was forced into hiding after the incident.",1.000000
"two teenage girls were savagely beaten by a crowd of people, including parents and other adults, in a new jersey park as onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue. destiny cooke, 16, and lajahia cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob, who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in trenton. lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl's mother threw a rock at her ear, leaving a gash that required 12 stitches."," ""She was screaming, 'You're killing me, I'm killing myself, you are going to kill me, you are killing me, I am going crazy, you're killing my daughter, I'm killing myself,'"" lajhias mother, Laila, said.",1.000000
"nineteen people needed medical treatment and hundreds of firefighters deployed to fight a huge blaze at a chinese chemical plant that produces a toxic chemical. authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment following the blast at goure px plant in zhangzhou, fujian province -- the second explosion to hit the factory in 20 months. hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area after the blast on monday night, while 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze."," The blast was reported at about 9.",1.000000
"a series of images showing the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the ebola virus as it tore through west african communities has taken the top prize at the world's largest international photography competition. american john moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease. the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night, where mr moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes.","  the winning image is a photograph by moore of a young boy in the capital of luanda, who was killed by the virus.",1.000000
"between the sugar-free devotees and the paleo health nuts sprouting advice in forums and on blogs, there are a lot of confusing messages surrounding what foods are best and most for nourishing children. in an exclusive interview with daily mail australia, uk children's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book `bubba yum yum - the paleo way ', calling it dangerous, and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.` babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does,' karmel, 51, said.","` I have been a child health advocate for over 30 year, and I have seen the damage done by pete evans and his book.",1.000000
"the irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has avoided jail. barry lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick. patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3.","  the irISH tourism man whose brother was allegedly punched in a suspected robbery has avoided jail after he pleaded guilty to reckless causing grievously bodily harm to him.",1.000000
"there won't be many who can guess which barclays premier league player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend. eden hazard? well, he was brilliant but no."," The only player to pick me out was the one and the only player who didn´T pick up a single 10 out of ten.",1.000000
"designer lilly pulitzer's family learned that it's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the `pink sunday 'rush for the late ms pulitzer's eponymous brand's brightly-colored, limited edition collaboration at target. the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm."," ""It's a little scary to be honest, but it was a little too early,"" she says.",1.000000
"an 18-year-old man has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts following saturday morning's counter-terror police raids, in which police seized a number of knives and swords. sevdet besim, from hallam in melbourne's south-east, was charged with `conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the melbourne magistrates court. he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24.","  seventeen police vehicles were involved, with officers in a number carrying assault rifles and wearing protective gear, including helmets and body armor, and wearing body cameras, as well as a helicopter and sniffers dogs.",1.000000
"a seven-year-old girl was subjected to months of violent punishment by her `strict 'churchgoing aunt before a` vicious and sustained' beating finally killed her, a court heard today. shanay walker's death was the culmination of `repeated acts of cruelty 'at the hands of seventh-day adventist kay-ann morris that included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush, a jury was told. the youngster, who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death, was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood, nottingham, last july."," her death was the culmination of repeated acts, including having her aunt, shanaya, hit with a hair brush and having food pushed in her mouth, a court was told.",1.000000
"antonio conte insisted his return to turin for italy's 1-1 draw against england prompted `very fond memories', despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. former juventus manager conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august after the azzurri's world cup group-stage exit last summer, but his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy. italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against bulgaria last saturday and conte reportedly received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier."," contre has been accused by some of trying too hard in his first few weeks in charge, with reports suggesting he was sacked by the national team after a 2-1 loss to the uefa in midweek, and has also been criticised for his tactics.",1.000000
"an unemployed woman has her heart set on a `fairy-tale church wedding '- and believes the taxpayer should foot the bill as it is her basic human right to be a bride. anna broom, of gillingham, in kent, has not worked since the age of 19, during which time she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits. the jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream` traditional english wedding and party in a castle'."," she has been told by her council she cannot attend the ceremony as she has not been employed since the age of 19.",1.000000
"a lion had an unfortunate accident when it got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the netherlands. captured by a visitor to the dierenrijk zoo, the lion can be seen inserting its head into the barrel and attempting to retrieve a piece of meat. zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild."," the lion was able to retrieve the meat and eat the lion.",1.000000
"england test captain alastair cook feared jonathan trott's international career was over 18 months ago, but feels he is now ready to face the `pressure cooker 'once again. trott dramatically left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a` stress-related condition' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety. cook was concerned that would be the end of his three lions days but has watched the 33-year-old rebuild his career with typical focus and determination, first with warwickshire then during a productive winter tour with england lions.","  ""I've been in contact to see what's going on and he's been very positive,"" said cook, whose career has taken him to the likes of the New Zealand and Australia.",1.000000
"hundreds of children were admitted to hospital last year after being born brain damaged following exposure to alcohol in the womb, alarming new figures have revealed. in total, 272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months, according to data from the official health and social care information centre. but the actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater, experts have warned."," , the figures reveal that the number of babies who are admitted to hospital with foetally-induced brain injury has risen by almost 50% in just two decades, from 1,935 to 1,835 in 2010-11, according to figures released today by the health and social services minister, Joan Ryan.",1.000000
"ahead of this weekend's premier league action, sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for arsenal's home clash with liverpool... arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- emirates stadium -rrb-. team news."," london derby - london - london derby.",1.000000
"lewis hamilton has conceded to feeling more powerful now than at any stage in his f1 career. it is an ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix, been on pole at the last four, and who already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings. it is no wonder after winning in bahrain, when hamilton stepped out of his mercedes, he immediately stood on top of it and pretended to smack an imaginary baseball out of the circuit."," he has been in the driver's cockpit since his first grand prix victory in 2000.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- gastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship celebrity infinity, according to a report from the centers for disease control. of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms, the cdc said. the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.","  The cddc said it has received more than 1,500 reports of gastro-intestinal illness since Oct 1.",1.000000
"the queen and princess margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the queen mother's 90th birthday in august 1990. pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance which was recorded on a cassette tape. the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time, which were incredibly popular when the queen and her sister were growing up."," the royal family also recorded songs such as the king's love, the queen and the king, which were very much popular at that time.",1.000000
"when a man arrived at a hospital in india complaining of a stomach ache, doctors suspected it might be a run-of-the-mill case of food poisoning or an ulcer. however they were amazed to find the man had actually swallowed hundreds of coins and nails. over a three year period rajpal singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries."," he was also found with an entire box of coins, which he had been carrying in a baggie in the car, and a box of nails, which he was carrying in a pocket in his trousers.",1.000000
"although hillary clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million twitter followers, not even a vast right-wing conspiracy would be able to interact with 2 million of them. according to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of her twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform."," the remaining 80% are fake accounts.",1.000000
"leigh griffiths sure knows how to finish. and, in passing, how to make a point. left on the bench for wednesday night's home clash with kilmarnock, perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting xi for sunday's scottish cup semi-final against inverness, the celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory."," griffin, who has scored in each of his three league games, has been a key part in the team's success.",1.000000
"deep in rural south africa, a terrifying white supremacist movement is brainwashing teenagers to rise up in defiance of nelson mandela's hard-fought dream of a rainbow nation. the far-right afrikaner resistance movement -lrb- awb -rrb- is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state. by day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from `the millions of blacks trying to kill you '."," at night they sleep under a tree, surrounded only by their own thoughts.",1.000000
"testimony got under way tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012. shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12, 2012, of 29-year-old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights, ohio. hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her, but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten `the nose job he wanted.","` The trial of shayna poston is scheduled for October 13th in the county court of the state's westernmost district, which includes western and western central Ohio, the state capital of Cincinnati, the state capital of Dayton, and parts of the western suburbs of Cincinnati and western Ohio.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- after a weekend shipwreck off the coast of italy that may have killed hundreds of migrants, the international organization for migrants said monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters. authorities still don't know the fate of many of the passengers, including children, who were on the large ship bound from libya to europe that capsized saturday night in the frigid waters of the mediterranean sea. that sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages."," authorities have said that they believe the boat was carrying about 300 people, including children, and that it was carrying migrants from the Middle east and Africa, and that the crew may have been trying desperately for a chance at a life in Europe.",1.000000
"louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men, using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. the united boss said: `it was of course an error from me that i give too much minutes to my substitutes. it is not so wise."," it was not a good performance from me.",1.000000
"rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: `it's only fair that men should have it all. 'the clip, which was created by the make it fair project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood, which means that, more often than not, males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry's most important positions.` we won't relent'til it's 100 per cent,' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa."," 'We are not here for you, we're not here to make your day, we are here to make your day better.'",1.000000
"in the ancient inca kingdom, the wheel was yet to be invented, iron was foreign and steel was unheard of. so when the incas needed to travel across the andes, they did so on handwoven rope bridges, stretched over gorges and rivers. five hundred years later, just one of the inca rope bridges remains: the keshwa chaca, which spans the apurimac river near huinchiri, peru, in the province of canas.","  The keshwa chaca was built in 1892 by a group from the local village of keshwa, who had been living in Peru since 1882, and who were inspired to build it after visiting a nearby village where the local people had built a similar bridge, which they called the ""Keshwah"".",1.000000
"a trucker has been caught on camera launching an extraordinary foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after a crash along the m6. in footage shot from a dashboard camera on sunday, the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. eventually the car towing the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road - believed to be junction 8 with the m5, near birmingham."," the driver is then seen throwing his arms around his driver and shouting ""I'll kill ya"" before launching a furious tirade.",1.000000
"rampant lazio carry an eight-game winning streak in serie a into saturday's match at league leaders juventus. the biancoceleste, who have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six italian league games, will attempt to solidify their grip on second place. a victory would leave them nine points behind juve with seven games remaining.","  ""it's important to win the match, but it is also very difficult,"" explained the coach.",1.000000
"an amorous italian couple have been fined # 9,000 for having such noisy sex that it forced their neighbours to move out. the pair, who are in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the `raucous screams' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in the northern town of san martino. their long-suffering neighbours, who first took them to court in 2009, described the wails of passion as` deafening 'and said it kept them and their two children awake.","  ""It's not just the noise that disturbers us, it's also the fact we can hear it.",1.000000
"on february 14, 1998, new kid on the block michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough. doing so on the most romantic day of the year was fitting for the division's newest heartthrob. the expectation surrounding owen escalated, and the intro for the next day's report in the liverpool echo said it all: `brazil have ronaldo."," he is the new mike`  the next morning, owen scored again, and this time he scored a brace to give liverpool a 3 -2 lead.",1.000000
"after years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences, watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground. steeped in human misery, these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews, gypsies, homosexuals, nazi opponents and the disabled, sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime. diarist anne frank, and her sister margot, also died here."," they are among the last survivors of the death camps.",1.000000
"west ham are discussing a deal for jamaican starlet deshane beckford after he impressed on trial. the skilful 17-year-old forward from montego bay united was invited to train with west ham's academy earlier this month and has impressed coaches after spending two weeks with the club. beckford also has offers from clubs in belgium."," the club are keen on signing the youngster but are not ready yet.",1.000000
"last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show's latest addition. within ten minutes of tomorrow night's episode, fans will see aidan turner's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. as sunday night's latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman -- but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.","  as the show has become a hit, it has also become a hit at the expense, and in some cases, outright destruction of the show's characters and storylines, as the series' creators, Matt Fraction and Michael Schulberg have gone to great pains in order not only preserve the show, but to make it a more enjoyable experience.",1.000000
"the snp will help make ed miliband prime minister even if labour finish 40 seats behind the tories at the general election, nicola sturgeon said last night. the scottish first minister said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7. while mr miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp, ms sturgeon's remarks raise the prospect of labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the tories."," the tory leader has said he will seek to form a minority coalition with any of the smaller party, but has ruled out a deal with ms stuarts.",1.000000
"whether it is through sir bradley wiggins, geraint thomas or ian stannard, ireland's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling's monuments. with the two major cobbled classics - the tour of flanders and paris-roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends, it is time to see the early results of sir dave brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the spring classics in his second five-year plan for team sky. with wiggins electing to sign off his team sky career with an appearance at paris-roubaix on april 12, the races are bound to be a big part of the team's season whatever the outcome."," with the two major classics -the Tour de lis- andthe Tour de la belle- est - looms huge over a two-week period of racing, it is time to look back on the classics that helped define the careers and careers and lives and lives and careers of the riders who have followed them over these years.",1.000000
"lix bussey, 23, from durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in mexico with her boyfriend. a young primary school teacher has died after she was run down buy a car at the end of a mexican holiday when just hours earlier she had texted she was having `best time ever '. the family of alix bussey, 23, said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left devastated by her death."," alison, her boyfriend, said: 'she was so devoted and loved every child in her care.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems. the cockpit is our ""safe"" place. the flight deck is a structured world of black and white."," the flight crew are our eyes, our hands and our feet, our hands, our feet and our feet, and our hands, and our feet, and we are all in this together.",1.000000
"jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against chelsea, even after taking a huge step towards the barclays premier league title on saturday. eden hazard's first-half goal gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over manchester united, but there was controversy when united were denied a late penalty. ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill but referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived."," The game was a mixed affair, with the visitors having a couple chances to score but they could only find their best when the home side were in the mood.",1.000000
"the new honda civic which the japanese car firm's uk factory in swindon will be exporting to the world -- including japan and the usa -- was unveiled in america tonight. the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show. it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic, supported by a new # 200million investment."," The civic is expected for release next year.",1.000000
"a married maths teacher at max clifford's old school is facing jail for groping a 15-year-old pupil in his car. paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a `serious' breach of his position of trust at rydens school in hersham, surrey. guildford crown court heard the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car."," the court was told the pair were on their lunch breaks when the incident happened on the way to school.",1.000000
"when president obama met usain bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark `lightning pose '. during the encounter on thursday, obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying` nobody's ever been faster than this guy. ever... of all the billions of people."," he was also asked if the president was impressed with his speed and he replied that it was a matter of personal preference and that he would like him to be faster.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- april 27 is celebrated as freedom day in south africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994 election which saw nelson mandela elected as president. the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid, a system of racial segregation implemented by the white-minority government in south africa for decades. this year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in april in which a number of people lost their lives.","  the day also marks the end to a year of protests against the country, which has seen the death of more than 100 people in clashes between protesters and security forces in recent weeks.",1.000000
"chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london, according to undercover police teams. gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings, according to the plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area. in one example metropolitan police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas."," the women were arrested on suspicion that they were carrying stolen goods and were being investigated for attempted murder.",1.000000
"a white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives, he told the court during his first appearance on tuesday. `doing time's the easy part, you know what i'm saying? 'kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach, florida."," The shooting happened on January 27, 2014, when Stacil was in the process to leave the office.",1.000000
"cancer-stricken basketball player lauren hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5 million. lauren, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor."," she is a former cheerleading star at the Cincinnati Bearcats and has played in the NBA for five years.",1.000000
"sexy lingerie brand frederick's of hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations, now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with victoria's secret. the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations, with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online, the los angeles times reported on thursday. `we no longer have store locations, 'reads the brand's website, which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products."," `we have been working hard on the web site, and we hope that customers will find it helpful.",1.000000
"a former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink. rugby prop dale forrest, 26, of bolton, would sink up to 12 pints a night, but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends. in december 2013, the bank teller decided to ditch the booze, give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym."," the former rugby league star has now shed almost half of the weight and has lost more than a kilo in just two months.",1.000000
"it's a sport with a truly global reach as these images of children, amateurs and professional stars playing cricket show. the stunning shots make up the short-list for the wisden -- mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014, which was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis. his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia's james faulkner during last year's icc world twenty20 competition in bangladesh."," the images also show the players and their families enjoying a day out in a beachfront hotel.",1.000000
"this is the photograph circulating on social media site snapchat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school. the picture, taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college, south-west of melbourne, is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. in the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen."," the man is believed to have been in his office for about an hours and a half.",1.000000
"they say a moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips. and now we reveal the true cost of indulging this easter. just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar."," but that's not the worst part, the price tag is only $2 a serving.",1.000000
"he could have put it anywhere really. stuck it away simply, without too much fuss. yes, there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target, not a blue shirt in range, the odds were most certainly with luis suarez."," the goal, the finish and his attitude, it's hard to believe that he could have put the ball away.",1.000000
"a young irish rugby star escaped serious injury when his home was targeted by a gunman who fired multiple bullets through his windows. adam mcburney, who has been capped for the ireland under-20s and recently played in their six nations campaign, was not at his home in cromkill in county antrim, northern ireland when it was targeted on easter sunday. shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property, after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls."," he said: ""the windows are shattered and the walls have holes punched through the plaster.",1.000000
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama says he is ""absolutely committed to making sure"" israel maintains a military advantage over iran. his comments to the new york times, published on sunday, come amid criticism from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of the deal that the united states and five other world powers struck with iran. tehran agreed to halt the country's nuclear ambitions, and in exchange, western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the iran's economy."," ""We have a very strong military presence, and we will maintain that presence.",1.000000
"an italian woman accused of carrying out acid attacks on her ex-boyfriends was desperate to `purge 'her previous relationships, a milan court heard. martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher, 30, planned to throw` corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to even if just by a kiss, it was claimed. the 23-year-old, who was reportedly a student at milan's private bocconi university, also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in may 2014, prosecutors alleged."," the pair were also accused of attempting a 'surgical' procedure to have sex with a man, but were denied bail after a judge said they were too dangerous.",1.000000
"us aviation authorities have launched an investigation to find out whether a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a neighbourhood in a pennsylvania town. several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning. residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead, and have complained to the federal aviation administration -lrb- faa -rrb-."," The plane is thought not to have been a military plane, but rather a commercial aircraft, and the plane is believed not to have been flying at the same time as the debris, but rather was in a nearby airport, which was closed for maintenance.",1.000000
"the family of a charity worker who drowned while volunteering to help youngsters in one of south africa's poorest townships have paid tribute to their `bubbly tomboy '. summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in december near kenton-on-sea, a small town on the country's south-eastern coast. miss robertson was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group, at a remote camping resort."," the team were on their way back to their base in the south west of Africa when they were attacked by fierce currents.",1.000000
"they spent the weekend larking around enjoying easter together. but new reports have suggested that all is not as rosy as it might seem when it comes to katie price and kieran hayler's marriage. indeed, it was reported today in closer magazine that katie still regularly checks kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out, following his cheating scandal last year."," but it seems that katies love to tease kierans wife and she is now being forced into a marriage she doesn't really want to get involved with, and that is a marriage she doesn't want katies to get into either.",1.000000
"hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house: the nation's largest lesbian political action committee. the group, lpac, launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. lesbians4hillary, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king, said: `hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community.","` The group is also backing the first lady's bid to be the first female senator, which she is expected do in the coming months.",1.000000
"a sydney teenage girl last seen leaving for school 40 years ago probably ran away and may still be alive, a coronial inquest has found. marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney in early april 1975 after telling a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus. the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared, magistrate sharon freund said in findings handed down on thursday."," marian ree had told her mother she was leaving for school and had been seen by a friend at a nearby bus station, the inquest heard.",1.000000
"unsurprisingly, the champions league and europa league draws have dominated the headlines on the continent - especially in spain and italy who make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both european competitions. in italy, juventus' semi-final with real madrid has been likened to a pair of films with tuttosport comparing the clash to `star wars' complete with cristiano ronaldo and mauro icardi brandishing lightsabers, while corriere dello sport confidently claim it's` mission possible '. la gazetta dello sport are equally bold in their conviction that the old lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won, which seems to pin hopes on former manchester city striker carlos tevez."," the only problem with this is that tevez has only scored once for the champions this season and has only scored twice for the old lady in her last two matches, so the chances are that he will be out for the rest.",1.000000
"mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday, accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh. `everyone saw what happened during the bangladesh-india match... india has influenced the outcome of the match using its position -lrb- in the icc -rrb-, 'kamal, a bangladeshi, said at the airport on his return from the tournament in australia.` from now on, i am a former president of the icc.","` kamal, who was the first president of icc in 2004, said he was resigning because he was not satisfied that the ICC was doing enough to protect the integrity of the tournament.",1.000000
"sian harkin, 54, gave # 30,000 to a builder using the school chequebook claiming the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, when the work was actually carried out at her home. a headteacher who secretly tried to use a school chequebook to pay for thousands of pounds worth of work to be carried out at her family home has been jailed. married mother-of-two sian harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling # 30,000 to her builder claiming the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, wales."," the school's principal, who was also her builder, was jailed for six months.",1.000000
"as jeremy clarkson continues to battle to save his career after being sacked form top gear, his estranged wife has been enjoying a family break in the caribbean. frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxed on a beach in barbados. the 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter in the skimpy swimsuit, which was covered in a black palm tree print."," she said: 'it's a beautiful summer day in the beach and i'm enjoying the sun and sunbathing with the family.",1.000000
"it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents, when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror, that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england."," seman said: 'the goal was amazing.",1.000000
"restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. an australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full `dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'. in a scathing article, long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed."," , a former tasmanian minister and former chief executive of a local pub chain has slammed the state as `a state of dregs and bogans and third generation moron`s, and said the festival was a failure.",1.000000
"the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff.","  the release of the emails came after a lawsuit filed against the governor by the wife and fiance of the governor, who is now suing for divorce.",1.000000
"franck ribery has dismissed reports linking wolfsburg forward kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the former france international or his team-mate arjen robben. de bruyne, who spent his two years at chelsea largely on loan before joining the second-placed bundesliga club, has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 -- seven more than the next best. but ribery says despite his impressive form the 23-year-old belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under pep guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the holland winger."," ""I think he's an interesting player, he has a good game, he's a very good player,"" he said.",1.000000
"john carver says he would walk away from newcastle united if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment. supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs in protest at mike ashley's running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition. newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies and, in the wake of sunday 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland, the owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism."," newcastle have been accused of being too cautious and too cautious with the transfer market.",1.000000
"mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities, according to a report in nation's restaurant news. but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.","  chipotle has been experimenting in this space with a number different delivery methods.",1.000000
"cheesy slogans such as `reach for the stars' could be detrimental to pupils, it has been claimed. carl hendrick, head of learning and research at wellington college, berkshire, has attacked the` tidal wave of guff 'in classrooms. these `missives in mediocrity' often tell pupils to` live your dream 'and `you can do it' and` be all that you can be '."," hendrickson said: 'the messages in the messages in the letters are not helpful to pupils.",1.000000
"any parent will tell you that life is their child's party and they'll cry if they want to - especially if they are made to do something they don't feel inclined to. a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these `awful 'that things parents do to their children - such as giving them a bath -lrb- how dare they -rrb-, putting them in their high chair -lrb- so mean -rrb-, and even giving them cookies -lrb- what a truly evil thing to do -rrb-. # a ** holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction."," The # a** hole parent is a parent who is so unhappy with the way their child lives, they are willing to go to the extreme of putting their children into a bath, putting their children in a chair, and putting them into their high chairs.",1.000000
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- a year after isis became a household name in america, using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al qaeda and its affiliates for jihadist adherents, u.s. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded."," The FBI has charged at least 50 individuals in the past two months with planning attacks on the United States.",1.000000
"justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been `furious' with him after a bungled first date. mrs miliband, 44, has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was` good looking 'and `unattached'. but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their` mutual friend '- understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders."," the union leader, a married man who has been married to the former british secretary of State for Wales for over 20 years and who is now married to the ex wife, was furious with his ex-wife for not telling him that she was pregnant with his daughter, who is three years old.",1.000000
"new satellite images have revealed that china has constructed an airstrip on a stretch of disputed territory in the south china sea - and could be planning to build another. they reveal the country's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested fiery cross reef which the philippines, vietnam, malaysia, brunei and taiwan all claim. china's building activity in the spratly islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states whose leadership accused the country of bullying others with its `military muscle '."," the new images show that the airstripe is located on a small strip of the disputed waters between two islands, the island of jiaochao in south China's eastern sea and a small strip of the disputed sea between the islands, the island of jiangxi and the island of jiangxi island.",1.000000
"charged with four offences: sunderland footballer adam johnson arrives to answer bail at peterlee police station in county durham yesterday. an england footballer was yesterday charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. adam johnson, 27, who plays in the premier league for sunderland and has represented his country 12 times, faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted."," the footballer, from the town, was charged yesterday with three offences, including sexual assault and two counts of grooming, and was bailed until his next court appearance on Monday.",1.000000
"st mirren skipper steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole. the scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at saints' renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on thursday. gary teale's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill when veteran thompson lost possession to mcginn and stumbled into two poles which were intended for the players to run through."," the skipper then accidentally struck the pair, who were both taken off crutch.",1.000000
"this is the moment an unlucky man was gored between the legs by a rampaging bull after being knocked to the ground during a bullrunning celebration in spain. the unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal, trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars when the angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor. and despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns as he tried to scramble away.","  the bull then turned and lunged towards the victim as he tried to flee the scene, but the victim was able get back up and run to the safety of the bar, where he was rushed by ambulance to a nearby clinic.",1.000000
"floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand. one fan, ade adebayo, 34, from brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week and here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight."," ade is from a village near the city and has been watching boxing for over 20 years.",1.000000
"parma pulled off the biggest surprise of the season as the crisis-hit club beat runaway leaders juventus 1-0 in serie a, inflicting what was only the second defeat of the campaign for massimiliano allegri's side. jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark, while a string of fine saves from parma goalkeeper antonio mirante also helped roberto donadoni's side to a memorable win. parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season, but they has now strung a series of positive results together, with a 1-0 victory over udinese midweek and last weekend's 1-1 draw at inter milan.","  ""We are very happy with our performance,"" parme boss mauri told the club website.",1.000000
"earlier this week, brazilian commuter nelson felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform. he proceeded to take a photo, and express his disapproval on facebook, after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours. in the picture, taken on a train platform in rio de janeiro, two women hug and gaze into each others' eyes, but the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes."," The post, which has since been deleted from nelis' Facebook page but can still been viewed here, begins with a picture that shows two young girls hugging, with one holding her hand up in the air.",1.000000
"she's a glamorous model making her name by spinning records in london's party scene, but until she was 18 munroe bergdorf was a boy called ian. the beautiful dj, 27, from east london, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london - made famous by megastar rihanna. but now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens."," she told the Daily Mirror: ""it was the first time in my career I had to make a decision about whether I wanted to live as a woman.",1.000000
"paul gascoigne's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london and had her phone which reportedly had private texts from the former england midfielder stolen. former model bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone. the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought back."," bianca's mother, who lives in north london, said she was shocked by the attack.",1.000000
"paul scholes has told raheem sterling to stay at liverpool and continue his development. sterling said on wednesday that he was not ready to sign a new # 100,000-a-week deal at liverpool and described links with arsenal as `quite flattering '. former manchester united midfielder scholes hailed sterling as a good player but says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club and not play.","  sherwood said: 'I think he's a very good player and I'm not going anywhere.",1.000000
"apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus, but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. to address these issues, the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops."," the job posting is for ""a software developer with a strong understanding of mobile battery management, battery life and power consumption"".",1.000000
"google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped. most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. it was the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google inc."," was valued at $1 billion, and it's likely to continue.",1.000000
"manager steve evans has revealed rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend. the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week as they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday after his youth loan had expired and the paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly. they have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate after the league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at `the earliest opportunity ', while also indicating that the club will be open to the` full range of punishments', which includes a potential points deduction."," steve has said that the miller's plight will not be a surprise to rogers supporters, as they have already been told by the club's lawyers to expect a decision on their appeal against the points penalty on Monday, which could be a major blow to their chances.",1.000000
"a four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local tv despite having bandaged wounds. jayden wingler of phoenix, arizona, was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. while on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.","  ""It was a really bad day,"" he told the news station, ""I had a really bad accident, I was in a lot of pain and my leg hurt.",1.000000
"an aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death. leonie granger, 25, targeted playboy mehmet hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london's west end. the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants."," the model then offered him £10,500 to kill himself, but the man turned down her advances and fled.",1.000000
"former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc's have i got news for you later this month. the tv personality was due to record the show, which he has hosted in the past, on april 23 to be broadcast the following day. the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a `fracas' at a hotel over dinner.","  ""I've got to get back into the studio and do it.",1.000000
"a man arrested by police investigating the disappearance and suspected murder of chef claudia lawrence has been released from bail. pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. north yorkshire police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation.","  a woman arrested by detectives probing the murder and suspected murder of a restaurant chef was released from bail on Thursday.",1.000000
"robbie savage has taken to twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends, as he tries to lose the flab. the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his `podgy 'label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called` glory days.' he posted the photo on twitter saying: '12 weeks."," Still not losing weight but I've lost a few pounds.",1.000000
"a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video. jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend's father mark harris. the 23-year-old, who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing, is captured standing before her stretching his muscles."," he then tells his father that he's going for a walk with her and that he's going to marry her in a moment.",1.000000
"war veteran: arthur townsend, 92, supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates' court as he admitted criminal damage. a 92-year-old second world war veteran has avoided jail despite pouring paint stripper over a van owned by a female friend's son because of the way he treated her. arthur townsend, who lives in a care home in epping, essex, poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter, 96."," the court heard how carters father, a former soldier who died of a brain tumours, had bought a van from a local garage in the town.",1.000000
"finding discounted flights tends to be hit or miss for most vacationers, but one savvy traveler has managed to plan out an entire two-month trip that will barely cost him a cent. scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights, stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service. all this for free."," , a 28-year-olds journey will take place from the UK, through the US, and then to the UK and the US, before returning to his home in the US.",1.000000
"the archbishop of canterbury -lrb- above -rrb- yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists - days after an attack in kenya killed 150 people. the archbishop of canterbury yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists. in the wake of the slaughter of christian students in kenya and the barbarity of islamic state militants, the most reverend justin welby said the dead were `martyrs'."," he called for the use and protection by christian communities of the non-violent methods of protest that have been employed by many in recent years.",1.000000
"an independent panel of concussion experts formed by the football association will meet for the first time in may. the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer. head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013, with new rules introduced at the start of the current barclays premier league season stating a player suffering a head injury must leave the pitch and only be allowed to return if cleared by a club doctor."," the new rules have been criticised by some fans and players as a step backwards for football, but the panel of experts has been criticised for not having enough time for a thorough review.",1.000000
"lionel messi is not the best player in the world, neither is cristiano ronaldo - that title belongs to paris saint-germain forward javier pastore, according to eric cantona. making a rare foray into discussing football matters, manchester united legend cantona delivered his surprising verdict that the argentine was the `most creative 'player in the world.` the best player in the world, the most exciting player in the world, is -lsb- javier -rsb- pastore from paris saint-germain,' said cantona, `why?"," Because of his ability to create chances, his ability to score goals and his ability as an attacker.'",1.000000
"a labour frontbencher has expressed regret that the party can not `get rid 'of the trident nuclear deterrent. shadow welsh secretary owen smith said at a hustings event on wednesday:` we view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment. so our policy is that we will retain trident, we will maintain a continuous at-sea deterrent."," we will continue with our nuclear weapons.",1.000000
"shannen hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in australia, not that she really considers them animals. the 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne, has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. but her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language."," she has even managed to get her pet dog to play with a stuffed animal.",1.000000
"randy lerner will attend aston villa's fa cup final against arsenal after missing the victory over liverpool at wembley because of a family bereavement. villa chief executive tom fox said the american owner was delighted by the 2-1 win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the atlantic. fox, who sacked paul lambert and hired tim sherwood, said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club."," ""We're going into this final as favourites and it's going to give us the chance we've all wanted to get.",1.000000
"an amazing map revealed by nasa has shown where lightning occurs most on earth. the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. and the results show that the highest amounts of lightning flashes occur in the far eastern democratic republic of congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela."," the map also shows the locations of the most lightning strikes and lightning strikes per million people in each country.",1.000000
"chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time. the announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments. some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to `select 'the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren."," The scientists behind the study, led in China, say that the technique, which they describe in the latest issue, could be applied to other species as well.",1.000000
"billionaire paul allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world's biggest plane. the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled `vulcan aerospace ', which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems. this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -lrb- 117 metres -rrb-."," The company, called Titan Aerospace , is to be run from the company headquarters in San Francisco, and will have a team of around 50 employees.",1.000000
"eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch tvs at the opening of a new aldi store. the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in avlaston, derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning. more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut."," The store, which is owned and run entirely by the company, has been in the works since last year and is expected be completed in early 2016, but the first customers will be able get their first look at the new store when it opens on October 15th.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- boston native mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed, deadline reported wednesday. wahlberg's film, to be titled ""patriots' day,"" is being produced by cbs films, which linked to the deadline article from its website. according to deadline, wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis, who retired after the attack in 2013.","  wahlberg is currently shooting ""the manhunt,"" which will be released in the fall.",1.000000
"italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport have criticised theo walcott's display against italy by highlighting how little impact he had against their national team. the milan-based publication have scored england's players out of 10, with walcott receiving the worst rating with five. england captain wayne rooney, goalscorer andros townsend and substitute ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances at the juventus stadium."," the paper also criticised how little Walcott has played in his last two games, with only two of the goals scored coming from him.",1.000000
"hillary clinton `whooped 'for joy at the birth of her granddaughter before she saw bill becoming tearful in the hospital waiting room, she has revealed. the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. in the new chapter, shared by the huffington post on friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans."," ""I was so proud to be able to give my granddaughter a second life.",1.000000
"a former democratic congressional aide who pleaded guilty last year to raping two women was spared jail time on friday because horrific disfiguring injuries he suffered in an unrelated 2013 acid attack. donny ray williams, who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee, slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. that same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say."," the intern, who was not identified, was left with a severe scar on her face, and was hospitalized for months after the attack, according the New Orleans Times Picur.",1.000000
"it tells the story of coal miners in a tough working-class community in wales. and it seems the film pride was a little overwhelming for soft-hearted hampstead socialist ed miliband. the labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife justine watched a dvd of the 2014 movie starring bill nighy and imelda staunton."," he was so moved by the film that he decided to make it a film about the coal miners.",1.000000
"prince andrew will not face court action in the us over claims he had sex with an under-age girl, after a florida judge ruled her claims must be struck out. virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew's friend jeffrey epstein, a convicted paedophile and sex offender. but last night judge kenneth marra ordered her claims that she was a `sex slave 'to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be` struck from the record'.","  'I am not going after the duke,' she told a judge.",1.000000
"youtube star cassey ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video, highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips who accuse the trim and toned online icon of being everything from `too fat 'to` ugly' to `pudgy '. cassey's youtube channel, blogilates, has over two million subscribers, so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident's fitness videos still manage to get under her skin -- and have a much greater impact on her than any of the positive messages sent to her by her fans. but though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old's self-esteem, the workout pro is getting the last word with her latest video, the` perfect' body, which examines just whether conforming to society's standards is the key to happiness, while highlighting some of the cruel comments she has received from viewers of her youtube videos."," the video, titled `fat shaming` , features a number, ranging in age between 16 and 35, who have posted comments about the beauty of cassey's body, including comments such as, `fat is ugly` and, ``fat is ugly` is not a word you want to use in your own life` .",1.000000
"after drawing praise for india's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen, minister of state for external affairs v.k singh, who is spearheading the rescue exercise, found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat."," the minister's remarks were made during a meeting of foreign ministers in Djibe, the country where he is based, on the sidelines of the UNGA meeting in New York on Tuesday, where he was asked to explain his remarks on media coverage of his rescue operation.",1.000000
"this is the moment a terrified spring-breaker freaked out and begged for help - to escape from a harmless sea cow. the swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away. footage, taken with the help of a selfie-stick, starts by showing the girl's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature."," as the camera pans down to the sea cow she is shown running away, screaming and begging for her friends.",1.000000
"siem de jong is targeting newcastle's home clash with swansea later this month for a return to senior action after an eight-month injury nightmare. the 26-year-old holland international midfielder played 45 minutes for the club's under-21s team on wednesday evening after competing his recovery from surgery to repair a collapsed lung. head coach john carver has hinted that de jong could even make the 18 for sunday's barclays premier league fixture against tottenham at st james' park, and while the dutchman has not ruled that out, his sights are set the swans' visit to tyneside on the following weekend."," ""we are hoping for him back for a few days, but it's not a definite date yet, but we will keep you updated on his progress.",1.000000
"a flaw in robots designed to perform surgery has been found that lets them be easily hacked, according to researchers. the experts were able to take control of a so-called telerobot during surgery by exploiting a simple programming trick. this enabled them to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation, making it impossible for the machines to carry out a procedure as directed."," the researchers were also able, by using the same trick to control the robot's movements during the operation.",1.000000
"with the premier league season entering its final stretch, focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june."," The following players have already been confirmed to be leaving the Premier league: Alfie Mawarabi, Mauricio Pochettino and Harry Redknapp are all looking for new faces to replace the likes of Harry Winks, Harry Winks, Harry Kane, Harry Winks and Dele all of whom have been left on the sidelines due the lacklustre form they've been in this year.",1.000000
"a massachusetts police department was forced to pay a $500 bitcoin ransom to hackers who encrypted vital records on their computer network. tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files. the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer."," the criminals used a form of malware known as a ""zero-day exploit"" which allows the hackers to take control of the computer and install malicious software on it.",1.000000
"cristiano ronaldo didn't have too much joy with his trademark free-kicks during real madrid's victory over neighbours atletico this week - but it didn't stop him from showing his compassionate side. the portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece, but even the best in the business occasionally get it wrong. in the white-hot atmosphere of the santiago bernabeu prior to wednesday night's second-leg champions league quarter-final, when every minute of preparation is key, there was still time for ronaldo to display a small but heartfelt act of kindness.","  the former Real Madrid man was on hand for the first leg of the quarter-final, and was in the middle of his pre-match warm-ups before the game.",1.000000
"a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery attack in rome. andrew mogni, 20, from glen ellyn, illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january. he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on sunday."," his body has been recovered from a river near romania on thursday.",1.000000
"tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane with demolition beginning on the final opponent to the move, archway sheet metal works. spurs plan to open a new `world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time, and having secured the appropriate planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order, progress is being made. the north london club's neighbours, archway sheet metal works, fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development but having failed with an appeal earlier this year, their premises are beginning to be demolished.","  tottenham Hotspoun have already completed a major overhaul of their new home ground, and have already started the process of demolish ing archway sheet metal works, the first of which will be finished by the end of this month.",1.000000
"two brothers who died after one of the boys shot the other then turned the gun on himself have been laid to rest in a joint funeral. kevin pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson, florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life. the injured brother, 16-year-old trevor, attended the boys' funeral at st."," john's cathedral in st louises, and his father said the boy's death had left a ""huge hole in the family"".",1.000000
"west ham manager sam allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after marko arnautovic's 95th-minute equaliser saw the hammers drop points for the second game in a row. allardyce's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months but having already had two goals ruled out for offside, arnautovic eventually punished the fading hosts to earn a draw. aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park but after a strong start it was stoke who ended up dominating and they left with a deserved point."," The visitors had the better chances to equalize but the hosts' defence was unable to cope with the pace of the visitors' attack and the hosts were unable to find the net.",1.000000
"edwin `jock 'mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her. an army recruitment sergeant who is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her. edwin` jock' mee, who worked at the military base in croydon, south london, allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the army and locked the doors of the room they were in."," she told police that he then raped her.",1.000000
"all schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers, union officials have said. the `hospital waiting-room-style 'signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families. research from the nasuwt union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils."," , a spokesman said, ""the posters should be placed at the entrance of all schools, and should be displayed in a similar manner to the 'hospital' signs.",1.000000
"it has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the uk. thousands of the 165ft towers line the land, spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat's cradle of high-voltage cables. but their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday -- complete with a pair of distinctive `earrings'.","  the tower is a new addition to the city's historic skyline and was designed by the architect, Peter Stoddart, who is also responsible for London Bridge and Tower Hamlet, as part of a project to create a 'new urban landscape'.",1.000000
"le manoir aux quat `saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject... nestled in the green rolling hills of the chilterns, le manoir is a striking building; a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles, and boasting tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria. it is beautiful - and it's impossible not to gawp. the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures -lrb- including a scarecrow based on blanc himself -rrb-, pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden - which supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs, salads and vegetables."," the kitchen is also a great place to sit down for lunch - and the restaurant is open until 2am.",1.000000
"stornaway, scotland -lrb- cnn -rrb- huge military exercises are underway off and around britain's coast, but nato insists they are not a deliberate response to the russian military's increasingly brazen behavior. the british-led war games are code named joint warrior and the numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft. nato says the planning started long before russia began behaving as an adversary."," ""we have been working on joint warrior for a long time and it is not a reaction to any particular event.",1.000000
"driving around in their mother's consular bmw in miami to shoot up homes and steal hordes of marijuana: this was the indulgent life of two wealthy teenage sons of a canadian diplomat. but the antics of 15-year-old marc and 17-year-old jean wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead. marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder."," the younger son is being treated in a local hospital.",1.000000
"rangers boss stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their premiership return. the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship, with a one-point advantage over hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from queen of the south. finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions hearts would spare the ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs, with the teams finishing third and fourth facing off over two legs before taking on the second tier's runners-up."," the gers have won all three of their matches against hibernian this term, and are unbeaten in the league this term.",1.000000
"disgruntled: marc macrae, who was election agent for the snp's westminster leader angus robertson, said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. a former snp aide claimed the party treated him `worse than a terrorist 'after his cancer diagnosis and has urged scots to vote tory. marc macrae, who was election agent for the snp's westminster leader angus robertson, said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him."," a formerly snp assistant claimed a former sn p assistant claimed theparty showed compassion forthe bomber but ostracized him.",1.000000
"with its carefully controlled, stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans, the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring. but not if you are on nick clegg's tour, where the lib dem leader has boarded his bright yellow `fun bus' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities which today saw him try his hand at ten-pin bowling. aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives."," the tour is part of a campaign to get the deputy PM to visit people who have been knocked off the bus by the Tories, and the Lib Dem leader has already been to the home secretary's office, the local council and the local school, as well as to the local hospital.",1.000000
"hashim amla is to join derbyshire next month for three natwest t20 blast and two lv = county championship matches. amla has been recruited to replace martin guptill after the new zealander was called up by his country for the test series against england. south africa test captain amla, 31, will begin his short stint with derbyshire in the division two championship fixture at home to northamptonshire on may 10.","  ""I am very happy that I am going back home for three matches in a week and I'm looking to get back to the basics and get my game back on track,"" amla said in an interview with the official Derbysshire Cricket Facebook page.",1.000000
"an airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being `stung by bees'. lenny mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester, new hampshire on thursday. he told abc7:` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww.","`  he added:` I was in a state where it felt like a bee sting.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- saturday's deadly earthquake in nepal was the ""big one"" experts were waiting for based on the region's history. earthquakes are a fact of life in the south asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, geologist and science journalist kate ravilious said. with the last major earthquake in 1934, the concern was not if, but when the next ""great"" earthquake would hit, said ravilious, author of the 2014 article, ""kathmandu's earthquake nightmare."," "" the earthquake in Nepal was a magnitude 5.",1.000000
"travelling with a pet can be a stressful and expensive ordeal, but delta air lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease when their pet is in the carrier below. the new pet gps system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time, from monitoring the temperature below, to whether their cage is upright or askew. the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp."," and is being used by airlines around Europe.",1.000000
"raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. but one critter ran into a spot of bother when he went on a romp around the urban jungle this week. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning."," the animal was so stuck he was unable to move and had no idea where to start climbing.",1.000000
"the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home. the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning."," he said the family had no idea what had happened and had no clue where they were going, and had been told by police that she had gone to a nearby park.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- living under isis. selling girl scout cookies. and giving some lip -- like kylie jenner.","  --  -- -lrb -rbr- i'm a guy.",1.000000
"ferrari, who are ferrari? lewis hamilton sauntered to pole position for the malaysian grand prix, nearly one second ahead of sebastian vettel's third-fastest ferrari. that said, ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet provide a threat to hamilton's supremacy."," The first race of the year is a bit more of a test for vetti, who are now in a position where he has to prove he is still the best.",1.000000
"england under 21 captain jack butland has revealed voting for team-mate harry kane as this season's pfa young player of the year and hopes the tottenham hotshot can help him emulate goalkeeping skipper iker casillas at the european championship in the czech republic this summer. butland joined his england manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael owen at st george's park on st george's day as around 35 local schoolchildren from the east midlands were put through their paces by fa skills coaches at england's plush headquarters. the 22-year-old stoke city goalkeeper is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european under 21 championship since dave sexton's team won the trophy in 1984 and kane is expected to be a big part of their team as they attempt to end 31 years of hurt."," butland said he had spoken to the young keeper and hoped he could help the team win a trophy.",1.000000
"this is the comical moment a delirious wisdom tooth patient refuses milkshake in fear that it could - in singer kelis' words - `bring all the boys to her yard '. faith myers, 14, from nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still` high' from the procedure's anesthesia. footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.","  `I`m not going to eat a banana,' kels said, as her mother watched on in disbelief.",1.000000
"hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a melbourne lake. bol manyang, one, his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew's church in werribee on saturday morning. their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on april 8."," their father was among the mourners at their church.",1.000000
"this is the moment two grinning conmen were caught on camera stealing an 80-year-old's savings from a cash machine after tricking him into handing over his bank cards and pin. the smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on march 17. the crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons."," the conman then took the pensioner's card, pin and cash and left the machine, before calling the cops to claim he had been 'stealing'.",1.000000
"loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general, becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.","  her husband, John, was sworn into the office in a special session on Monday, and she was sworn into office on Tuesday, the first day she could be sworn into the job without a special election.",1.000000
"mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt, who killed himself a week ago, said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death. many believed that he was `hurt 'by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old's decision to take his own life.` fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt,' said edith newman, a friend for 30 years."," 'I don` t think he was depressed or anything like that, he just wanted attention.",1.000000
"a bitter fast food war has erupted in italy after a mcdonalds' advert, which claimed italian children preferred happy meals to pizza, caused so much offence chefs are now threatening legal action. restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the us corporation, the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world, for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court. the row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza."," , which was posted on the McDonald's website on Monday, said that the children in the video preferred happy food over pizza.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- marvel comics superhero hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. he's also got a secret super-talent at singing ed sheeran parodies. the ""avengers"" character -lrb- played by jeremy renner -rrb- was a guest on ""the tonight show starring jimmy fallon,"" where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills."," he also sang some of his own lyrics.",1.000000
"an italian model who accused harvey weinstein of groping her breasts and putting his hand up her skirt attended the hollywood mogul's new broadway show just a day after his alleged attack. ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a `business meeting 'at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night. however, the very next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland, which weinstein is producing, from the lunt-fontanne theater and posted it on her instagram."," she also posted the photo to her twitter account and it went viral.",1.000000
"could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier, lingering mysteriously behind this little girl? a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture, japan - `nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year."," the boy's mother, a nurse who had recently died, had been visiting her daughter in hospital when the ghost appeared in the doorway of her room, according the local paper, the Yamanote.",1.000000
"ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old world war ii veteran, robert harding. carter and jack hanson, who live in raleigh, north carolina, met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston, where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before, cbs reported. it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about mr harding on their first trip to yorktown and the patriot's point museum."," the boys had never met before and were excited to meet him.",1.000000
"manchester city are confident uefa's punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted this summer which would allow them to bid for stellar names like raheem sterling, gareth bale, kevin de bruyne and ross barkley. city boss manuel pellegrini has been hampered over the past year by uefa restricting them to a net transfer spend of # 49million in each window and keeping the club's overall wage bill to its current level of # 205million-a-year. uefa's settlement with city published in may stated those penalties would remain in place until the end of the 2015/16 season but the club's latest financial figures showed drastically-reduced losses of # 23million which they feel proves they are now compliant with fpp regulations."," city are confident uefahas settlement with ufa is likely in the next couple of weeks.",1.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- people magazine has anointed sandra bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015, the publication revealed on wednesday. bullock, 50, joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor, including last year's cover girl, lupita nyong `o, and gwyneth paltrow in 2013. she seems to be taking it all in stride, calling the whole thing ""ridiculous."," I don't know why they think I am so pretty.",1.000000
"louis jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast has responded to critics of his story by claiming that he avoided sunburn and blisters by staying in the vessel's cabin and that he survived by rationing food and water. louis lordan released a three-paragraph statement on monday in whcih he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray."," the man rescued from the disabled ship off of North Carolina coast, has responded by saying thathe escaped from the boat after being trapped for more than a week in the water.",1.000000
"a shocking video has emerged of isis thugs using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in iraq's unesco world heritage city of hatra. in the slickly produced seven minute footage, jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city. militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars, while eerie music plays in the background.","  the footage was filmed by the British-based human-rights group, Amnesty International.",1.000000
"baggage handlers at miami international airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage. the miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft, and found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft's belly. this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.","3 million worth stolen from them in just the last year alone.",1.000000
"apology: clydesdale chief debbie crosbie whose rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman. a high street bank has been hit with a record # 21million fine after being caught falsifying documents to avoid compensating victims of mis-selling. now there are calls for criminal charges to be brought over an extraordinary cover-up lasting more than two years at clydesdale and yorkshire banks."," the scandal has been dubbed the 'cash for ash' scandal.",1.000000
"the woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner. queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday. the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: `darling joe, happy 70th birthday 2009, love jenny '."," she posted a photo of the jewelled engagement ring to facebook with the caption: `i love you joey`.",1.000000
"sometimes walking in a straight line without tripping over with just two feet is enough of a challenge. so imagine the kind of coordination it would require if you had eight legs. now scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects."," The octopodes have a unique way of keeping track of their arms and legs.",1.000000
"andy murray and novak djokovic are on another collision course in miami after the serbian beat david ferrer to reach the semi-finals of the miami open. with murray set to face tomas berdych in his semi-final, the man who beat him to the australian open and then again in the semis of indian wells secured his own last-four spot with a 7-5 7-5 success. ferrer made a fast start taking the opening three matches as he dominated the world number one, but he was unable to keep the pace and was eventually hunted down on his 33rd birthday."," he was unable to find a win in his last three games, and was eliminated in his semi-final match by djokovi, who was the first player in history to beat the man who defeated him.",1.000000
"jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. etan patz `is larger than his very little, important life, 'assistant district attorney joan illuzzi-orbon said in closing arguments at the manhattan murder trial of pedro hernandez. she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it."," 'He is not the kind of person you would expect in the position of a teacher to have,' she said.",1.000000
"robbie mcnamara is feeling `great and optimistic 'as he continues to recover from serious injuries suffered in a fall at wexford. the jockey was due to partner last year's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie's grand national at aintree, but suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day. mcnamara remains in the mater hospital in dublin and despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time to enjoy the sunshine on tuesday."," he is now expected to make a recovery in time for the grand final on thurs, and is hoping for the best for the jockeynow.",1.000000
"a prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine is spreading on social media. the video, filmed in moon park, odessa, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the `vampire girl 'preys on unsuspecting passers-by. the young girl dressed in a white, bloodstained nightgown, waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror."," the girl then runs off into the woods, where she hides in a bush until she finds a man in a dark coat who she takes to a nearby house.",1.000000
"a busy mum sits at a table surrounded by crayons, colouring in a child's book, taking care to stay within the printed lines and fully concentrating on the task. there's nothing unusual about that, you might think, except there's not a child in sight... and the mum is simply colouring in because she wants to. grown ups reaching for the crayons is a new global trend it seems, as adults say they're attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords."," it seems that colouring is a way to get out of the way of the busy mum and focus more on what she needs.",1.000000
"nine months after she suffered horrific injuries in a brutal attack, former porn star christy mack still has to wear a wig and glasses to look herself. with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib, mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8, 2014. it was the climax, she claims, of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver, known professionally as war machine."," the attack was so violent, she was forced into hiding for three weeks, but she managed to get her story across in an exclusive interview with us, and she has now been awarded a $10,500 reward for her recovery, and she's now hoping for a new start in life, with her family and friends, and she's also hoping to start her career in porn.",1.000000
"they say you should never judge a book by it's cover, and it couldn't be more true of the tough looking, full-bodied tattooed english model stephen james hendry. the 24-year-old, better known as simply stephen james, is now quickly becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry, and one of the first ever to be a full tattooed one at that. he has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt, has starred in numerous men's magazine shoots, and graced the runway at fashion weeks."," he is also a regular on tv and has been on the covers for many of the biggest men's magazines, and has been featured in many of the biggest fashion shows around.",1.000000
"stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under david cameron's conservatives party, compared to just under nine per cent under labour. shares have performed nearly twice as well under conservative governments than under labour over the last 45 years, according to figures published today. stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories compared with just under 9 per cent under labour and just over 9 per cent under the current coalition.","  The figures show that the Conservatives have outperformed the stock market in the last four decades, with a return of 17.",1.000000
"porto's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers. guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for bayern, who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time. the spanish tactician's underwear was on show after the incident, and he joked after the champions league clash: `i'll have to buy new ones for the next match.","` the defender was not the only one who was in a state to celebrate, as the other team were left in a dazed and confused state after a 2-1 defeat to the reigning champions, as they had to wait until the second leg of their Champions league tie against hollande to know what had happened to their team captain.",1.000000
"she helped to transform u.s. first lady michelle obama's public image into that of an all-american `everywoman 'who shops at retail outlets, does` mom dancing' and even has a twitter account."," she also has an impressive collection and is a member in the club of women with a lot of money and influence.",1.000000
"a six-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted by a boy of the same age in the classroom and playground of her school. but officers are powerless to act over the allegations, at a school in blackburn, lancashire, because the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten, so charges can not be brought against the boy. the girl's mother has also blasted school authorities after officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class, saying they have made the girl feel `like she was in the wrong '."," the school has also been accused by the mother of failing her child, who is a student of the same age.",1.000000
"she shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke's steamy blurred lines video and landed a role in gone girl alongside industry heavyweights ben affleck and rosamind pike. ever since, emily ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves. a newly unveiled set of photographs show london-born emily, 23, showing off her enviable figure - so what's her secret?","  ""It's just that I like the idea that I'm not just a pretty girl,"" she says.",1.000000
"andy murray has shown nerves of steel on the tennis court, but the british no 1 appeared slightly overwhelmed by the occasion during his wedding rehearsal on friday. the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday and visited the cathedral to run through the service with friends, family and his fiancee. the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open.","  ""we are so excited about it, we are so happy,"" he told the Daily Mail .",1.000000
"this is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage. the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung -- claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china's sand bay. the clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs."," the video was uploaded by raymon yeung, a resident in the shenzhens, who claims he has been filming the creatures since he moved to china in 2010 and has filmed them for more then 20 months now.",1.000000
"ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in next month's general election. thorpe revealed during the england lions tour of south africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. but he goes on to admit that his ukip backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol and the former surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies, which are due to be published this week."," The former Surrey batsman, who was sacked by the club in December after being found guilty of assault and misconduct, is now hoping to find more information from the ukip campaign about the party's policy positions and the way they would like the club to be governed, which could help him to decide whether he wants to vote for them.",1.000000
"an alleged online sex offender accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states, including taking some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them. police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography."," the alleged victim of abuse is a five-year-old girl from a rural community.",1.000000
"hundreds of police officers lined the roads to in a guard of honour for a hero policewoman who was killed by a bus seconds after pushing her daughter out of its path and saving her life. sergeant louise lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter olivia in swansea, south wales, when she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre. onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision."," The bus driver, who had been drinking and smoking, was not seriously hurt.",1.000000
"security will be beefed up for anzac day after five teenagers who were plotting an islamic state-inspired terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids. prime minister tony abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25. two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies."," the arrests came after police received a call about an attack in the south east.",1.000000
"it might be seven years since he retired but joe calzaghe showed he is still fighting fit as he enjoyed a holiday in barbados. the former undisputed super-middleweight champion of the world frolicked with his girlfriend lucy on the beach this week. but after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim, their fun was suddenly interrupted by a downpour of rain."," the couple were forced into the water and had to swim back to the hotel.",1.000000
"jack wilshere says he is ready to return to the arsenal first team and play a part in their season-defining games after completing 90 minutes for the under 21 side on tuesday night. the england midfielder completed 90 minutes in arsenal's 4-1 win over stoke city as he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season. as he nears full fitness again, wilshere has set his sights on the fa cup semi-final with reading and the premier league clash with manchester united as he seeks to regain his place in arsene wenger's team.","  ""it was great seeing my teammates, it was a good experience for me to play against a good side, I'm ready for this challenge and I'm looking to play in the FA Cup final and the FA Cup semi final,"" wilsoh says.",1.000000
"one of hollywood's most respected prs claimed that the oscars judges did not want to give 12 years a slave the best picture award because it was not patriotic enough to america. according to hacked sony emails, peggy siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light. she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be `sent around the world '."," she said that the academy did NOT want the movie to have a negative connotations about america and the US.",1.000000
"former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls `one of the most bizarre team talks i've ever experienced '. higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light. but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk.","  ""he was very angry about the way he was playing and he was very upset with his players,"" said higgins.",1.000000
