"frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. an unarmed man shot dead by police on live television on wednesday afternoon was a 41-year-old father of three who had another baby on the way. frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle."," another unarmed man shot killed by police for a traffic violation that would never seem to pass constitutional inspection in any US state.",3.583333
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ahmed farouq didn't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden, the influence of anwar al-awlaki, or the notoriety of adam gadahn. still, he was a big deal. that's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the west, but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group."," one of the most interesting things for me when I wrote this article was to ask myself if the guy might be a terrorist.",3.080000
"the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff."," the emails also show that the president of walmart, the world center of the Walmart empire, used his relationship as well as several other people to push back against the president's opposition of the new state tax structure, which he criticized as too progressive.",3.080000
"masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman, who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott, had to withdraw. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport."," the news of audriesh's condition quickly became public, although she will be unable to attend his final race.",4.130435
"the couple that models designer clothes together stays together -- or at least that's what one new york-based duo hope, having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with fusion models. john tuite, 22, and carlos santolalla, 25, go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city's party scene. but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2, they say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves."," ""It feels a bit unnatural, especially because of how much it changes when you're both gay,"" said tuite, who goes by a variety alter ego of the name jarloc.",3.105263
"an suv crossed a highway median and slammed into a home, killing a man and a woman who was nine months pregnant as they slept early wednesday, according to police. ivan carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30 am wednesday when the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the park's fence, killing the couple, police told the bradenton herald."," the SUV was also destroyed in the crash.",3.111111
"eugenie bouchard's run of poor form continued as the top seed was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by american lauren davis in the second round at the family circle cup in charleston on wednesday. davis, 21, had lost her only career meeting with bouchard, but was in control this time against the world no 7. davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke bouchard's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset."," ""I wasn, I was upset with myself, I was disappointed with myself.",2.750000
"gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of real madrid's league game on saturday and will almost certainly miss the second leg of the champions league against atletico madrid on wednesday. one year and two days, after one of his greatest moments at real madrid when he ran half the length of the pitch to score the winner in the copa del rey final, bale broke down with a muscle pull against malaga. he will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours but the concern shown when he went down at the start of real's crucial league game suggested his chances of recovering inside three days are non-existent and that he could also face a race to be fit for the champions league semi-final on may 5-6.","  bales also missed the derby match against atletico but that game was a very competitive affair with more than 100 shots taken, many with the opposition team looking on helplessly.",3.405405
"the josh meekings' saga took a new twist on friday when it emerged the sfa judicial panel had decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case. on thursday, the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny celtic striker leigh griffiths in last sunday's semi-final was thrown out. in the aftermath of the 3-2 extra-time win, meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded."," he also apologised for calling celtic's David Marshall for going past him before he had crossed into the area.",3.478261
"a newly-wed couple were taken on a romantic flight over the mediterranean which left airline enthusiasts baffled after the passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff. the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight."," the plane is the only one of such size being flown in the Mediterranean in the 21 st of May.",3.190476
"stoke city have opened talks over a possible summer deal for evian flyer daniel wass. the 25-year-old denmark international is available for around # 3.5 million and has been watched by chelsea, liverpool and newcastle over the past year as they look for versatile full back options."," a number of scouts have been watching his progress from youth to league as well as a handful of Championship teams over the past year.",3.423077
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the last time muhammadu buhari came to power in nigeria, it was by force. this time it was by the ballot box. here are five reasons why one of the most fiercely-contested elections in the country's history is so important."," - It's the biggest vote in history.",2.666667
"oil from a russian trawler which was towed out to sea to sink after catching fire in port is washing up on the beaches of gran canaria and threatening tourist spots across the canary islands. the russian vessel oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of viscous fuel oil, when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11. it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later."," the oil sank on a stretch west of olympia on aprils 12 and 14, according the report said.",3.608696
"from awkwardly handing a beggar some change, to failing at eating a bacon sandwich, it is fair to say labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool. but now twitter users are attempting to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover, by editing his face on to famous men's bodies. from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford, to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv's latest heart-throb poldark, these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve."," if you want a better representation of the PM than the below, well this is the best way to get one: As this man who posted these photos to twitter told his followers, ""The Prime Minister did not receive very many favours during his visit, perhaps those who wished to have a photograph of them taking part in the celebrations should come and have their photos taken for a future album"".",3.531646
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the commissioner-general of the united nations relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria on saturday, a spokesman says. commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there. ""the visit is prompted by unrwa's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians, including 3,500 children,"" agency spokesman christopher gunness told cnn's paula newton."," ""an official at al-qatar state confirmed earlier reports that the United Nations agency is planning to visit, but no date was given.""",3.428571
"it is just 12 weeks since bold claims were emanating from an ultra-confident dundee united dressing room that this season could yield an unprecedented domestic treble. `i believe we can win all three trophies, 'trumpeted goalkeeper radoslaw cierzniak.` people might laugh at me but maybe in may we will have won the league and cups and i will be laughing."," It all came together at last weekend's 1-0 win at bottom of the top flight at home.",3.142857
"a photo of a relaxed and happy surfer seems all but a distant memory as that same man is now fighting for his life after being mauled by a great white shark. chris blowes, was viciously attacked by what has been described as a 'massive monster', about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park, when he was attacked at 9.45 am on saturday."," he is now in a critical condition following surgery and is expected to leave hospital in 3 to 5 days.",2.761905
"tiger woods was genial. tiger woods was charm personified. tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world."," and now he's about to get what most think is going too far.",3.533333
"aston villa deserved their victory at wembley on sunday and there were two players at the heart of it all. jack grealish was fantastic but fabian delph was the best player on the pitch. on saturday, i said his battle with jordan henderson would be key to the game."," hendigerson is a real class player but to be quite honest i think he has fallen down in his last season.",3.240000
"ed miliband -lrb- pictured yesterday at the shree swaminarayan temple, north london -rrb- is pressing on with his controversial cap rents, despite warnings from experts that plans will backfire. labour's plans to impose rent controls are `economically illiterate 'and will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords, experts warned last night. ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts, business and even labour figures that they will backfire."," Labour's cap rent proposals are `Economical illiterate , not only in their lackadaisical approach; they will also reduce housing stock by up almost 60 per cent over a decade,' says Ed Miliband's deputy leader Harriet Harmsworth, who chairs Labour think tank the Labour Council.",3.017241
"under legal pressure, the obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to, from or within the united states. the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s."," government for admission in a special aircraft with ""legitimate"" reasons as well, but the government will only accept one application in any given month for an admittance to the country; those who refuse will be given travel restrictions until after the next national security alert regarding terror activities was issued.",3.649123
"inter milan manager roberto mancini insists that reports xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are `completely made up '. the switzerland international joined the italians from bayern munich in january for a fee in the region of # 12million, signing a four-and-a-half year contract. the 23-year-old made a fine start to his inter career but has tailed off in recent weeks and has found himself dropped to the bench for the previous two serie a matches."," the Italian coach was quick though to deny the reports linking him with moves to Liverpool and Manchester City.",3.000000
"women are undervaluing themselves and asking for less pay than they should -- widening the gender pay gap, it is claimed. research found that women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package. a study found women routinely ask for # 4,000 less for a typical job, but that this widens to up to # 10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy."," women are undervalued by men, as they are asked to perform tasks that will help secure their current pay, yet are asked not to ask for more to secure their future.",2.942857
"lounging on a deckchair by the pool, soaking up the sun in a skimpy bikini, rhiannon langley is just like any other tourist on holiday in thailand... except she's sporting two bruised eyes, swollen cheeks and a bandaged nose. the 24-year-old from melbourne is recovering from rhinoplasty, but rather than recuperating at home, she is at a five-star hotel, part of the $5,190 `bangkok nose job 'medical tourism package she is on. rhiannon, a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 instagram followers, told daily mail australia that she has been enjoying her post-op holiday time,` chilling out' by the pool, getting mani pedis, and going shopping."," she also claims to enjoy going swimming and swimming often, as she is good in the water and has a very good body.",3.160000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- fifty years ago in frankfurt, german prosecutors tried 22 former nazi ss soldiers at auschwitz in what remains the most famous holocaust trial staged in germany. at the time, fritz bauer, the german-jewish attorney general of hessen, expressed the simple hope that ""sooner or later, one of the accused would step forward and say: `what took place -- it was horrific, i'm sorry. 'then the entire world would exhale, as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz, and the air would be cleared."," But there was no justice, and the guilty would always survive.""",3.384615
"it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents, when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror, that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england."," the goal also helped propel seaman into the football world as the keeper of the century.",2.888889
"manny pacquiao's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed. with the pair finalising their preparations for the fight at the mgm grand on may 2, top rank promoter arum told espn that the contracts have still not been finalised. tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale and arum claimed that the draft contract he received on april 15 was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mgm when the term sheet was signed a few months ago."," but arumo insists that it hasn, after the two agencies that signed the document have gone back to arum and discussed it and it appears that they can agree on more money, although the terms of arum remain unclear.""",3.933333
"wayne rooney knows champions league qualification is manchester united's to lose, making this weekend's clash with aston villa all the more important. louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings as the season enters the closing stages, boasting a five-point cushion over the chasing pack after winning so impressively at liverpool before the international break. juan mata's brace earned united a deserved 2-1 triumph at anfield to give them a buffer over the reds, as well as fellow top-four contenders southampton and tottenham.","  mouane marouani, who missed most of last season due to a hamstring problem, made his first start for mcfc since returning from his injury in April, before adding a second at the same stage to win 4-2 at his homeland before being red-cardeered at home on 29 March.",3.439394
"washington, cleveland and houston all earned 2-0 leads in their nba first-round playoff series with victories on tuesday, continuing the previous day's pattern. all five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0, with the wizards, cavaliers and rockets joining monday's winners chicago and golden state with the early two-game buffer in the best-of-seven series. washington's 117-106 victory at toronto owed most to john wall, who had 26 points and 17 assists, and bradley beal, who scored 28 points."," the ncaAvens have dropped six of the last eight games, as they were without all five of their key rotation members.",3.407407
"jolyon palmer is determined to claim a place in formula one next year after being given the perfect opportunity by lotus to prove himself worthy. for the first time the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends. ordinarily in the past, lotus' reserve has been nothing more than a spare part, stood on the sidelines whilst the race drivers completed their tasks."," this week's practice sessions will be the chance to get a closer insight behind the cars of team's newest additions and what their plans are as a result of a combination of new and old technical developments made in the last couple of years, which makes for a very exciting new adventure for the young lad of india: ""I was always aware it was a challenge but having spent some time behind this wheel for a couple of days before I knew what to expect.",3.543478
"federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be `nwo stooges, 'the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the cia, fbi and dhs on the site pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts."," according to their information the cialist have claimed that the government, the ciancias, dhs and the intel agencies are plotting a massive attack on our way of lives as a way to prove their legitimacy.",3.477273
"google claims to have cracked a problem that has flummoxed anyone who has tried to read a doctor's note - how to read anyone's handwriting. the firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts, and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send."," In another claim, Google claims it has improved security on its mobile apps and desktop operating systems.",3.250000
"the # 135,000 was spent trapping and moving water voles from the somerset levels ahead of dredging. taxpayers have footed a # 135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles - at a cost of # 2,500 per animal - to allow dredging of the somerset levels. the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate, it was revealed today."," Here are the figures for water voles.",3.100000
"carlos tevez talks about being as free as a bird, back to the days when he was banging in the goals in argentina for boca juniors. a big hit on the famous steeped terracing at la bombonera as he followed in the footsteps of diego maradona, claudio cannigia and some of the other greats. here in turin he is worshipped at the juventus stadium, one of the idols in the shirt of the bianconeri with that fearless, wholehearted approach to the game."," The man who is the most renowned player of the modern era, who always looked like he wanted to play his way out but never did, a player who can play without a ball because he loves his job, a guy who can defend for his team when the opponent takes a pass from him or if it is only a one touch stop in midfield.",3.464789
"defeated: napoleon -lrb- illustrated -rrb- lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815. guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a `triumphalist 'way -- to avoid upsetting the french. invitations to the service at st paul's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington's historic victory over napoleon in 1815."," the service will therefore remain in the traditional `peaceable` tone that has been used at other occasions.",3.238095
"quarter of a century after his last number one, paul simon is back at the top of the charts. the 73-year-old - who rose to fame as part of simon & garfunkel - has forged ahead of more youthful musicians to reach number one in the uk album chart with the ultimate collection. his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran, james bay and sam smith."," the final count will be published on Friday, July 25, but his album is already earning its share of adulations.",3.541667
"an arizona woman has pleaded guilty to hitting her husband with their suv because he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election. holly nicole solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would `face hardship 'because of barack obama's reelection. solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident, but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal."," her defense attorney said that they expected her guilty plea in the case, considering all that was happening.",3.900000
"terry richardson is both one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry. known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him. and this week he faced accusations from the model kate upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission."," the allegations were first published in The Daily Telegraph and are still being investigated by the police....",2.833333
"computers may soon be able to transmit the complexities of human personalities, the stanford professor who originally set up google's x laboratory has claimed. sebastian thrun, who founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. but he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities."," in fact, he pointed out how it was difficult for him to imagine people with a certain accent, but it was easier for others who were just trying ""to live"".",3.735294
"she has just come out of the biggest scandal of her career when she made a racist comment about zendaya's hair style on fashion police. and now giuliana rancic is creating even more fuss as she has dishes on her ex-boyfriend jerry o'connell in her upcoming memoir going off script. on monday the 40-year-old e!"," star was in London on a speaking Tour of Britain and said she was 'frightening to death'.",3.714286
"the party-loving girlfriend of footballer johnny manziel has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up on going out and enjoying herself now her boyfriend is out of rehab. manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night's texas rangers game. the pair appear to remain very much an item, but crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.","  the pair seem to be completely devoted to each other's well being despite how far away from one others lives seem to have become.",3.214286
"defense attorneys released some of the training records saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in oklahoma. the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates, of tulsa, copied and kept for himself.","  ""we did not find that any information on that file was accurate or comprehensive,"" said attorney Robert Buere, of Tulsa.",3.500000
"a father cheated death by just millimetres when his car ploughed into the back of a lorry - yet he walked away with just cuts and bruises. marcin wasniewski, 34, from foleshill, coventry, escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry. at the time, emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive."," marcin wasiewski, an electrical engineering professional, was driving south on a motorway to be at the funeral at his home when he crashed head on with a moving lorry.",2.864865
"around one in 10 americans suffer from explosive anger management issues and has easy access to guns, a study has found. some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home."," and of these, 1 in 2 are violent offenders.",3.454545
"jailed: john coyne, 56, who ran a central london pub attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year. a pub landlord has been jailed for nine years for raping a man who fell asleep in his bar. john coyne, 56, who ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road, central london, attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year."," A pub landlord, John Seddon Mather is also being held, jailed for nine years for gang raping a woman who fell asleep under a pub window after a drunken night in September last 2014.",3.350000
"timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. mcveigh also viewed himself as a `paul revere-type messenger 'and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government, according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney. the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas."," the center contains all the papers on the case since it closed in 1994 and the hundreds more from the trial.",3.136364
"a young english cricket fan who wrote a letter to richie benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the australian cricket great's response in the wake of his death. jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the `great man '.` wrote to richie benaud when i was 16 about bowling leggies.","he got an email fromrichie`s family saying he had just had a stroke, he was too sick to come pick a spot for the match..",3.645161
"she may be a first daughter, but sarah obama is still a teenager and can't seem to tear herself away from her music - even for a rare family nature hike. sasha, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday. the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama and the first family had gone."," but, as the whitehouse put it, sasha was listening on a ""family nature adventure trip"".",3.333333
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened. and her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. veteran journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday, her son, colin mackey, said."," She became a household name and, by her own account, her book ""America's Road to the Persian Gulf"" sold over 600 million units of books worldwide.""",3.562500
"a man driving to work in alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. that set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. a man contacted police friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near piedmont, calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade told wbrc-tv."," the truck later became stuck after wade's pickup truck crashed into a tree along IH 75, killing him.""",4.000000
"a woman who tipped the scales at almost 20st has shed nearly half her body weight after she was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight - because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her. sharon smith, 43, from halesowen, west midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat. today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday, when two years she would have struggled to walk half a mile, let alone run six."," ""I'm hoping that when my wife comes to see my weight I'll be back to being a healthy size 26.",3.291667
"mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els, as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman, an american representative of the rank and file. last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows."," spieth took the title at 10,547 points with 5,821 from his 11 rounds; rose took it a few strokes later, with his 5.",4.000000
"researchers have completed the first comprehensive study of the microbes living on and in and uncontacted tribe from the amazon. they say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society. researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami."," they found the microorganisms had evolved in such an innovative way that they were able to make the first appearance in the tribe's diet over the past 100 years, when they had only been introduced to the tribe through intensive dieting.",3.086957
"manny pacquiao will be wearing the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2. the richest fight of all time, said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved, is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to tv rights and ticket sales. the pacman's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.","5b when they come off sale at the event  pacman has also recently announced he will be attending the world premiere of 'porn star' tony mcmick in an evening of the best of the best.",3.282609
"mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night, when the opening show was interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the ellery show. as designer kym ellery made her way down the catwalk to take her bow, a furious man understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue at eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music. the local man was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway."," the noise and scowl of fury sent the security guard running from where he had just launched the complaint.",3.952381
"president barack. obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. the two leaders, who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting, are both attending the summit of the americas in panama."," , President Barack Hussein (R), and his wife Michelle, leave a joint news briefing at 6:52 a,m.",3.037037
"a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days."," ""My boyfriend and I went looking and found him standing on a steep hill with a rope holding him down with just enough strength to keep his legs moving,"" said the bride's cousin, who has known her daughter a lot.",3.466667
"a teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence. on september 7, 2014, samantha giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, before she was abandoned. so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved."," after her arrival she described the horror she had felt at being taken away as a ""gasping agony"".",3.818182
"northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when george north will next play after confirming the wales wing will miss saturday's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne after his latest head injury. north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months, including in last friday's 52-30 win over wasps, and was on wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. `we won't play him at the weekend, 'saints director of rugby jim mallinder said."," `we would like to respect our players feelings and do what is best for the future of this club, but if he wishes, that's what the physiorist will think.",3.555556
"one direction star niall horan has led the tributes to bbc broadcaster colin bloomfield who has died from skin cancer, aged just 33. bloomfield, who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and derby county commentator, died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning. fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the `perfect colleague 'and` consummate professional' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure."," 'A true legend of broadcasting, he was the first man we ever loved on the radio and the second most trusted man we knew.",3.148148
"a heavily pregnant jehovah's witness woman and her baby died after she was diagnosed with leukemia but refused a blood transfusion that would probably have saved both of their lives. the 28-year-old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy, and doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion. the sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later."," her lawyer argued that she was pregnant with a child and her pregnancy violated her conscience but the state SupremeCourt ruled against her, ruling that she had not consciences and therefore was entitled only to medical treatment.",3.023810
"there are moments when falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of manchester united and it all comes flooding back. this could have been just the start. he made his name with porto, adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football."," a player who played for mouras and vied for liverpool, had his moments for manchester, and did so by being a very decent footballer.",3.562500
"a gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire. the driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday. the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside."," two of them were killed, and the third fled west on south sierra highway.",2.823529
"a high school teenager's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears. daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to his girlfriend, daniel had erected a series of signs along the road."," the signs were an elaborate tribute and the couple had decided to put them up in the hopes of attracting a more attentive audience, daniel had even made his girlfriend sign them for the entire trip up there.",2.780488
"channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show, saturday night live star michael che. `tomorrow, we'll chat to the star of the daily show and saturday night live, michael che, 'the promo promised -- although, in a cringeworthy gaffe, two of the three clips shown were of che's castmate, jay pharoah. che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne's international comedy festival."," It has not been confirmed what the show was referring the clips of.",3.071429
"australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. the minister for investment and trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on abc's q&a program, and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. `for 10 years, i drove to work with a pen in my mouth because someone told me if your face is configured like you're smiling, your brain thinks you are and it releases endorphins, 'he said."," `if you look angry, your brain doesn´t know it's working and produces cravings and you can´t keep yourself out.",3.214286
"history's warning. england ended the day in a strong position, but it's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009. like thursday, england declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb-.","  in his post-england blog he was fairly positive about his odds from this point but this is also probably a bit of exaggeration.",4.103448
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- when al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa, kenya, on thursday, it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi."," -rcnn -lrb- the most dangerous of the killers is known as 'jihadist al rafidhi' (fighter of the noble martyrs), a term coined by the FBI that means a person who, with the support from al Qaeda, has killed numerous civilians, particularly foreigners.",3.327869
"steve clarke admits his reading side require the `perfect 'performance to stand any chance of beating arsenal -- but concedes he has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career. reading have struggled in the championship this campaign whereas arsene wenger's side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday.` there's only the pressure that we put ourselves under to play the perfect game and make no mistakes,' said clarke."," The Liverpool chairman hopes that by playing it with a proper performance of its own, 'we can avoid the criticism and give ourselves the advantage'.",4.275862
"a new orleans couple bought a ramshackle historic cottage, moved it across the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home's original floor plan. gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating."," as part of their new project, the cottage is surrounded by lush oak trees in a manner that they believe will remind passersby of the home's previous occupants and visitors alike, which they call ""The New Living Room"" and the ""St.",3.591837
"a muslim cleric has issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel, as he denounces the idea of marital rape as `made up by european people '. perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria claims that, according to the prophet mohammed, a wife can only refuse her husband sex if she is menstruating, sick or just given birth. her right to say no, he asserted, was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband."," a muslat cleric has issued an opinion to such women on their marriage to their man.",3.722222
"irbil, iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis claimed it controlled part of iraq's largest oil refinery sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday. by sunday, isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control."," isi security forces have been seen battling with each other on several occasions since the military launched its last major assault on the city late last year, a campaign which has left hundreds of people dead.",2.846154
"kicked out: elizabeth sedway, 51, says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. a married mother of two battling cancer has been ejected from an alaska airlines flight from hawaii to california along with her family because she lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. elizabeth sedway, 51, from granite hill, california, posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane."," she said she had the same problems with alesair and another airline before that, but was able to clear that with both airline's airline doctors.",3.666667
"twelve months ago, liverpool were a free-flowing, potent attacking force with the ss -lrb- luis suarez and daniel sturridge -rrb- firing on all cylinders - the pair would eventually end up scoring 52 of liverpool's 101 goals in the premier league.this season, however, the goals have dried up. replacing suarez was always going to be a near-impossible task, but liverpool fans would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was there to collectively make up for the uruguayan's absence.","as it turned, ugliness began to cloud the waters, with the first significant setback on the eve of their clash with wanford.",3.379310
"attention is already turning to next season at liverpool after their fa cup semi-final exit at the hands of aston villa. unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six premier league games of the season, liverpool will also miss out on champions league qualification after only a season back in europe's elite club competition. brendan rodgers undoubtedly needs to reinforce his squad, and sportsmail assesses liverpool's chances of landing five of their main targets."," DANI MORRISE's squad has gone through several changes since the 2014/15 campaign.",3.428571
"gibraltar could be the new home of britain's nuclear submarines if the snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident. moving the nation's nuclear deterrent to the british territory could cost # 3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported. the snp want to eject trident from scotland, but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde."," theresa mccartney said, in a statement, after talks with pence's brits.",3.523810
"-lrb- billboard -rrb- the key to rock's longevity is it never defines itself into irrelevance. so while there were some loud, dirty guitars at the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night, there was as much recognition for rock's antecedents in soul and blues, speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that's beyond words. it's easy to talk of such spirit when paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr, and yoko ono is on hand as well."," but they're not quite there yet.",2.375000
"jailed: jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook after targeting businesses across greater manchester. a 24-year-old man who carried out a series of raids on petrol stations and convenience stores has been jailed after boasting about his crimes on facebook. jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on the social networking site after targeting businesses across greater manchester."," police have released pictures of the man as soon as they were revealed.",3.500000
"he's the latest person to travel to a galaxy far, far away. and on sunday director gareth edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about rogue one, the first of the standalone star wars films, at the stars wars celebration in anaheim, california. at the same time, the iconic franchise's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film, rogue one #rogueone."," in the latest instate of #starwari pic.",3.250000
"supporters arriving at anfield ahead of monday's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle will have noticed some considerable changes in the area. the club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way, and the latest look at anfield shows that builders are pressing ahead with the task of expanding the main stand. pictures from monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the main stand now taller than the existing structure."," but this isn't the most exciting part, as a recent article suggests that the new stand will feature a retractible stage as well.",3.074074
"chelsea welcome manchester united on saturday tea-time with the stakes sky-high for the premier league rivals. for jose mourinho's men it is about seeing home a title bid which, in recent matches, has had to rely on one or two last-gasp interventions. louis van gaal's united, meanwhile, have hit top gear and it appears that all roads lead to the champions league."," The visitors have won three of their last six matches and have the advantage at the minute but manager van den Berghe's side continue as the league's top-scoring team with 25 goals.",2.948718
"ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 `golden hello 'payments because it is far cheaper than training them in britain. managers from the london ambulance service, the largest in the nhs, have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne. they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours."," a few ambulance bosses were also paid handsomely to do practical exercises, but this would have been very expensive in the nhs.",3.576923
"when melbourne mother-of-two, kady marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel, the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away. it was a sunny saturday afternoon at the manly wharf hotel. kady was in town for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family."," the couple were on the wharves having fun in a public bathing area, and the next morning her boyfriend, kary mackay called to tell kary that kary had just taken her breast out for the last time.",3.234043
"arrest: timothy rogalski allegedly repeatedly called sandy hook elementary school on tuesday. a man has been arrested for repeatedly calling sandy hook elementary school and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre. timothy rogalski, from wallingford, connecticut, called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone."," school officials told police at the start that they did nothing in protest.",4.000000
"a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle `the highest rate of inbreeding in the world '. the episode of an hour with ruta, which aired on independent tv channel lnk last week, claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen the nordic country's` genetic material.' an introduction to the chat show argued that norway's child protection service -lrb- barnevernet -rrb- argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a `sought-after commodity '."," an interviewee, mr rutase, argued that the problem was 'very deep .",4.105263
"a fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis -lrb- cf -rrb- is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition, which has no known cure. ian pettigrew, 46, from ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. after someone noted that the collection of photos was `turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ', he became inspired to start his second project, salty girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system."," this series features over 40 photos of women of varying ages (19-64), wearing different looks.",4.100000
"around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. those who can afford it can turn to london's famous private medical haven harley street, where dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional chinese medicine. now she's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic, which she opened in 1996, to reveal the secrets of her success."," on the inside is a story about how one of China in the 1980 s was transformed from a place with only women into a booming economy and growing population that was making traditional china a viable tool in family medicine.",3.883721
"it was the moment a man, hands open in peace, stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage. a striking picture, taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe, captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the `islamisation 'of australia. the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia, an anti-islam group, organised protests at major cities across australia, which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations."," a group known locally by their initials ASM held a series of protests and marches in cities including melburn, liverpool ,and sydneys, with the goal of getting rid of the neo-Nazi groups in the area and replacing them with people who accept a moderate stance on terrorism and fascism.",3.033333
"more than a third of gps are considering retirement in the next five years, a survey shows. another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including canada and australia, where the pay is higher and workload less stressful. a poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether."," the poll by Insure Australia, conducted by a company run by senior medical professionals, found that 60 per a year doctors work part time, while the survey was carried in 2015.",3.694444
"whether he is in a car park, a factory or even a field, ed miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign. the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern."," not only does he deliver his own message, but he stands for a range in positions.",3.500000
"danny lennon's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday. the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of 2016. paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned on march 7."," scotland's coach under 16 manager, jonathan lomas, is also expected on the job by May 2016.",3.480000
"a man has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired police officer. anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last june near resorts world casino in the queens section of new york city when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes. he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the new york police department named robert muller."," on June 14 the car crashed head-ons with a pole in the street of montana town, and the three of them lay dead on top of the car.",3.363636
"expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. but the little boy, malachi, had other ideas. she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time."," As soon as her body started to buckle, mother amber mariegou was forced to make the difficult final decision that would make or break her, to leave him at the courthouse to be given to his mother that Sunday.",3.600000
"multiple ghosts supposedly inhabit an expensive new york city apartment building, which recently added academy award-nominated actress jessica chastain to its list of occupants. two residents from the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan told the new york post of their experiences with spirits in the building. chastain and her boyfriend, gian luca passi de preposulo, spent $5.","2m on the building last November, just to rent a tiny home.",3.600000
"men do almost twice the amount of housework after they retire - but they are still doing far less than their wives, according to new research. the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired."," men retired at twice that amount of time after retirement - though the researchers were unable as yet to calculate exactly what the exact savings would have amounted on their own.",3.625000
"successive last-gasp victories have reignited struggling leicester city's premier league survival bid and manager nigel pearson said his side's fate is back in their own hands. late goals from robert huth and jamie vardy sealed a dramatic 3-2 victory against west bromwich albion on saturday, a week after andy king's late goal secured a 2-1 win against west ham united. the foxes had look buried two weeks ago, seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place, but are now just three points behind hull city, the side immediately above the relegation trapdoor."," but a 3-0 victory is a triumph.",3.800000
"it marks the moment when the civilised world entered the dark ages and some of the most spectacular societies in the world disappeared. now one historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse. he claims they were hit by a `perfect storm 'of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the ancient egyptians, the babylonians, minoans and mycenians unable to cope."," so what did they think it would take to start their downfall ?",3.692308
"classical singer camilla kerslake was centre of attention at sunday's olivier awards after she suffered a wardrobe malfunction as she arrived with england rugby skipper boyfriend chris robshaw. wearing a daring, backless black dress, camilla, 26, showed off more than she bargained for in her revealing floor-length gown. despite being accompanied by robshaw, who played for harlequins in their 29-26 premiership victory over gloucester 24 hours earlier, the cameras were firmly trained on the singer.","  chrissie blair and kerry lussier were the other two guests of note to appear at the night's honcho.",3.266667
"anyone who has witnessed a game of hockey or netball might disagree, but men really are more competitive than women, according to a new study. researchers have discovered that male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition than female athletes. sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport - such as their academic studies - than their male counterparts, the researchers say."," However, women can perform even better than men in the classroom, and in science, and when they work with others, and achieve significant results academe.",3.741935
"she was among the first britons to join the terrorists of islamic state and regularly takes to twitter to issue violent threats, including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a westerner. but despite all that, khadijah dare's heartbroken mother victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life. mrs dare, from lewisham in south london, also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college."," she also confirmed rumours that khadiyah married an IS fighter at the tender age of 16.",3.210526
"daniel sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves, but the striker's shapes were no match for a young liverpool fan. the reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february and duly obliged only to be left red-faced by the talented youngster. before the pair showed each other their moves, paisley sat down with the former chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift."," while you might think paisa's question would be funny in and of themselves (dubiously!),",3.850000
"bryony hibbert -lrb- pictured -rrb-, 25, the girlfriend of the footballer caught having drunken sex in the dugout, has slammed those responsible for the clip. this is the first picture of the girlfriend of the semi-professional footballer caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout after his team's 4-1 defeat. striker jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs."," the player was caught with girlfriend janey kirkwood in the dugout after the game.",3.105263
"andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast - and under-pressure test captain alastair cook. the blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format, with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part. cook, however, is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue test century - to add to his record 25 - brought him two more failures at the top of the order in the opening match of england's series in the west indies."," A couple of moments of silence were in order for the team that is the subject of so many jokes.",3.181818
"a u.s. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal.","  The father of five received a message from his 13 year-old grandson on Monday night, who had seen the recording online of his father reading the words into a mobile telephone.",2.918919
"the executions of bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran is `only a matter of time ', indonesian president joko widodo has confirmed. chan and sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals."," the executions were carried out without prior notice by the government although some local media reported earlier that the executions were underway.",2.913043
"an adorable orphaned wombat has found herself a new friend - and a very prickly pillow. chloe the wombat, who first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last december, has found herself a new buddy at taronga zoo's grounds in sydney after she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas. in an adorable video uploaded to instagram by taronga zoo, chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas."," it's said the echidnas had been having trouble with her new pal, whose favourite food involves eating the mantis.",3.560000
"a chilean artist has been jailed after dyeing a famous hot spring in iceland pink with food colouring. marco evaristti, the south american artist who is based in copenhagen, poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir, found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik, at dawn. when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result."," evartti then sprayed his creations with food colour-stuffed paint, which gave the water a pink hue, and also helped the liquid react and form crystalline shapes that resembled a rose.",3.384615
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a new york jury deliberating the fate of the man charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old etan patz is struggling to reach a verdict. the little boy's disappearance, more than three decades ago, sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. deliberations resumed on thursday, one day after new york supreme court justice maxwell wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named pedro hernandez."," the trial has drawn huge international media coverage and hundreds, possibly thousands more on thursday.",3.388889
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ""real housewives of beverly hills"" star and former child actress kim richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested thursday morning. richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m."," after being arrested for allegedly refusing several hotel guests' requests for ""private drinks"" at the hotel.",3.200000
"forget the must-have wine cellar, hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. many of the super-rich are having them built -- complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders, eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems, massive screens and even cocktail bars and popcorn-makers. celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch, retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich."," not the first time an expensive home theater project has failed, but the latest, dubbed the ""macho cinema, which will be able to compete with big-name big box"" and set for completion for the end of 2017, has many experts convinced.",3.666667
"loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general, becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official."," lynk's victory is the best news she's had in years - she is also the only female to serve as the first black woman to lead the S.",3.125000
"a woman has received the shocking news that the man she's known as her father for 23 years is not actually her biological parent. sarah's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test. the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil, who appeared with her on the itv show, was not in fact her real father."," kramer then offered to adopt her, which she declined but the programme later revealed he will adopt the other children in the family he shares in Canada with the actor himself.",4.029412
"toby perkins, deputy chairman of the labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just # 4 per day for 12-hour shifts. labour has been accused of `utter hypocrisy 'after it was revealed interns working for one of their election chiefs are paid just # 4 per day while the party claims to champion the low paid. an email sent by toby perkins, who is deputy chairman of the labour election campaign as well as mp for chesterfield, revealed that interns are paid just # 25 per week for working 12-hour days.","  Labour's policy is to increase working pay by 20 per day, but that only covers the difference in hours worked between what Labour said was the minimum rate for an intern and what is actually pay.",3.390244
"a former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him, a court has heard. hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence. this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal."," he admitted four counts of attempted sexual activity with a client but the sentencing heard he had no criminal record and the court heard he may also have been involved with girls under 17.",3.228571
"a counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in # 10million by selling fake viagra while pretending to be a fishing tackle business. judge charles wide qc described it as a `highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise 'which risked the health of members of the public, as he sentenced the gang at the old bailey. the uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world."," the police say at least 700 dealers operated out for at most around 30-40 sites worldwide from a flat address in west London.",4.307692
"a furious landowner was forced to fork out thousands of pounds to restore a public path to one of britain's most popular beauty spots. james weld stumped up # 15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with natural england over who was responsible for the coastal path down to the beach at durdle door on dorset's jurassic coast. the previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012."," the path was meant to be restored and open for public access the following year, but in 2014, conservationists discovered an unexpected problem..",3.222222
"the story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10. pictured: the monarch's illustrations to go with the book which is to be published in june. a children's story written by queen victoria when she was just 10 years old is to be published for the first time.","  the author, whose real name is gertrud van den Berthoud, is known for her books featuring princesses from all over the globe and a few classic stories that explore the human side of childhood.",2.844444
"queensland amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee, who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride. zoe dennise prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year, according to gold coast bulletin. however she was allegedly injured on may 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride."," according jessica, she was injured 'at the peak of her fitness, when my wrist hurt and I had to have the wrist brace installed'.",3.866667
"a long island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle, a relative said. iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts."," the family's search team found the car in an abandoned industrial lot in the city's West Beach neighborhood, which was also where Mr Costella said he last saw his son.",3.171429
"david cameron will today warn english voters the snp's new powers could impact their lives. david cameron will today risk infuriating the snp by vowing to conduct an annual review of the fairness of the scottish government's policies on the rest of the uk. a conservative government would create a new principle to ensure decisions by holyrood do not have an `unforeseen detrimental effect 'for people south of the border, he will say."," he believes that would be better dealt with by a separate commission, he added, pointing at the new UK's relationship to other EU countries, including Germany.",3.548387
"russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory while montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban following the abandonment of a fraught euro 2016 qualifier in podgorica. uefa has ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those matches suspended for two years - while fining the nation # 36,280. during the game, which took place on march 27, russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare."," It was reported that the ball had hit igor like a car travelling at 45mph near the stadium.",3.095238
"ed miliband, pictured arriving in manchester ahead of the manifesto launch, will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election. ed miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election. in a last-ditch attempt to steal the tories' mantle as the party of economic responsibility, he will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in a `time of scarcity '."," Miliband has already revealed that he intends to raise VAT on the rich, cut immigration and increase welfare benefits, although the Labour manifesto still insists that this will create employment and growth .",3.600000
"comedian sarah silverman was forced to apologize after she was caught exaggerating a story about being paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap. the comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart, for a piece she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for levo league. but silverman has been forced to apologize after new york comedy club owner al martin revealed the story was false, because silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything - her male counterpart todd barry was booked for the slot."," silvermans incident occurred on April 4, 2015 to coincide with the third anniversary festival of lewin league, and it is believed al martin took the blame when the comedian's claim was published online last week.",3.523810
"mike whitehead was standing against labour's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire. nigel farage today insisted the tories had suffered a `hammer blow 'after a former parliamentary candidate defected to ukip - only for it later to emerge that he had already been sacked from the party last week. mike whitehead, who was standing against labour's alan johnson for the tories in hull, claimed he was joining ukip after becoming` disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area."," ""I've got no quarrel, we both like the Tories, they're nice enough,'' said mike whitehead.",3.416667
"a mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from london heathrow to oman, after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe. the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full. however, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out."," the next day the pilot asked the guy, ""what do you think?""",3.466667
"sophie english was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family. there has been very little information to help ms english find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up and for more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage. she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc's foreign correspondent reporter sally sara who travelled with her to vietnam in search of answers."," msenglish went with Sally and went to the home of sara vivian who owned and operated a spa called ""The Blue Pearl"" in phuk tai.",3.970588
"concerns have been raised over a program which allows school students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate - and is only being offered to pupils at a prestigious sydney private school. tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college, one of sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000. the university of sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot's college, fairfax media reported, stirring fears among student groups and university staff that the program allows parents to `buy 'their sons entry to the sandstone university."," The program will allow scott to gain entry to university for a year, if students at the elite school are successful in completing the 13-day course.",2.806452
"football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned. a british schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in lanzarote. football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an `accidental drowning '."," he was found by his mother, whose partner is from a different island .",3.400000
"a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago. richard rogers, a hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii, aka liholiho, the second king of hawaii. `we found gold, silver, hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world, high - and low-end european stuff."," we're hoping to keep them all open for the public.'",3.083333
"britain faces a `coalition of chaos' under ed miliband and nicola sturgeon, david cameron warned today. the prime minister, who travelled to glasgow this morning to unveil the tory party's scottish manifesto, accused the snp and labour of posing a` clear and present danger 'to britain. he said the two parties were pretending to `slug it out' ahead of next month's poll -- but insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of the deficit."," he added: ""it is entirely unfair to blame the two parties for the danger we face.",2.578947
"hire: ruba khandaqji -lrb- here -rrb- was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill gov. rick scott. a florida pharmacist was arrested wednesday for calling 911 and telling the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman to kill governor rick scott."," on Tuesday a stuis manhunt was launched to locate a stus enroute man who could kill governor rick.",3.880000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change, refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point. after the event at washington's howard university on tuesday, obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview. i asked him about the science behind climate change and public health and the message he wants the average american to take away, as well as how enforceable his action plan is."," he also discussed his own view on healthcare, as i asked: ""Do we really know enough yet to take action on climate?",3.384615
"julie walter, 49, who has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly residents in sheltered housing out of money. a woman has been branded a `menace to the community 'after she posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. julie walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash."," she pleaded no confidence in a housing benefit claim to be jailed for two and a quarter years , which was later overturned on appeal.",2.851852
"a devastated couple has launched a desperate search for their beloved pet cat after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york. felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport. the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, joseph naaman, who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly -- apparently while being transferred from the plane -- that felix was able to get out and run away."," ""He doesn't know how to communicate because we use a tablet to communicate,"" said stewart.",2.900000
"-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- geoffrey lewis, a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator clint eastwood as his pal orville boggs in ""every which way but loose"" and its sequel, has died. he was 79. lewis, the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis, died tuesday, family friend michael henderson said."," lewis, the author of such classics ""Manchild"" (""The Road"") and ""Marge vs.""",3.416667
"hollywood producer and studio executive harvey weinstein will not face criminal charges despite the groping allegations made against him by a former miss italy finalist. italian model ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein groped her during a `business meeting 'at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27. battilana claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt.","  battled in January in New York and January 28th.",4.357143
"sofia vergara's ex-fiancé has hit out at the modern family star, claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together. 'i have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth,' businessman nick loeb, said in a statement. 'i created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction, because i have always dreamed of being a father."," i feel extremely bad for those families that are being ripped off.'",3.384615
"the tories are inching ahead of labour as nigel farage starts to peel off ed miliband's supporters. and english voters are so alarmed by the prospect of being ruled by nicola sturgeon with miliband in her pocket that they would prefer to get rid of her -- and scotland -- by giving the country independence after all. these are among the remarkable findings of a survation poll for the mail on sunday which illustrates growing fears about the result of the most closely fought election for decades."," as a point of comparison, if this poll were taken in the mid 80s there may have appeared to be a consensus in the country that the prime ministership of india should go to an ethnic minority (some would even go so far as to call them indians) instead.",2.982456
"`exploited by criminals': gambian footballer baboucarr ceesay -lrb- above -rrb- was among the 900 migrants who died in the mediterranean boat disaster, his british aunt has revealed. a british woman has revealed how her nephew was among the 900 migrants who drowned in the mediterranean boat disaster. baboucarr ceesay, a talented footballer from the gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a` desperate 'attempt to seek a new life in the uk.","` the incident occurred in 2004.",3.571429
"midsomer murders is to have its first regular asian character in its 18th series, four years after the drama's producer said the programme `wouldn't work 'with ethnic minority characters. manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama. although there have been asian actors in cameo parts, this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor."," manjunad hiragopal will play assistant of pathologists samantra jain and samitra kumar in a new twist to the role.",3.656250
"newport county have sacked chris zebroski after the striker was jailed for four years and four months for robbery, attempted robbery and assault. the 28-year-old played for the league two side as recently as tuesday but now faces an uncertain future in football after admitting four charges relating to two incidents at swindon crown court. in the first instance, the court heard the former cheltenham, bristol rovers and millwall player crashed his bmw into a taxi in december and attacked another driver who attempted to film him, smashing his mobile phone."," in the second, he attacked a customer at her home when they stopped to watch a football match and was arrested three weeks afterwards after police found two bags of cocaine, a loaded Glock and several knife handles in one trunk.",3.477273
"jose mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending. arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend, just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea's victory at liverpool, last year. `it's not easy, not easy, 'said mourinho."," `we just have to try and hold on, not lose them.",3.571429
"some find them unnerving and even slightly creepy while, to others, they are endearing, mysterious and charming. whatever your view, one thing's for certain: when it comes to twins, particularly identical ones, they are an endless source of fascination. yet, despite all this interest, the rest of us remain baffled, emotionally and scientifically, by the uncanny bonds identical twins share."," is there really more to those odd and wondeful bonds, and when it came with them?",4.157895
"tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace once premier league safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again. pulis said west brom has `gone off the rails' in recent seasons and needs fundamental improvements to get back on track. west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season before finishing 17th."," pulis said:`West Brom have been losing points and have gone off the rail in recent form, that`shouldn't be happening under my guidance.",3.562500
"gps are the gateway to nhs care -- nine out of 10 times, the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp. yet access to gps has become a major policy and political issue. the crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead."," but what if it is really the other way in some circumstances?",4.153846
"as charlotte cosby showed off her super-slim figure in a new instagram photo, many of her fans balked at her now tiny frame. for the geordie shore star, who has lost has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the past year, is looking thinner than ever. in fact, she is looking so thin, that some have questioned whether the 24-year-old actress has taken things too far.","  ""The comments have been absolutely disgusting,"" a source told the Sunday Times Magazine .",3.111111
"a florida bus passenger was arrested for throwing a snickers bar at the driver's head after threatening him and being disruptive during the ride, according to police. joel parker, 33, was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar. when the driver declined the offering, parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said."," the driver called the police and reported a fight broke out between him and parkergobertor .",3.368421
"a montana judge who was censured by the state's high court for his comments about a 14-year-old rape victim has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association. yellowstone area bar association president jessica fehr said thursday that former state district judge g. todd baugh of billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors."," Mr baugh, an outspoken conservative, told a judge at the court hearing on April 23 about an April 13, 2013 rape case in his Barrington law district court chambers that ended in a plea deal, that he believed a 15- year-old rape victim would have killed herself.",3.368421
"the militant unite union was facing embarrassment last night over claims it `sacked 'an activist for complaining about being hired on a zero-hours contract. former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite, after a tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. the employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts, which it says amount to` exploitation'."," after the appeal was dismissed, the former lecturer told Mailonline: `I was told there might be a second offer - it's now four months ago - and they say I'll have another opportunity next month.",3.523810
"exhausted, scared and undoubtedly hungry, eleven-year-old luke shambrook was sitting alone on a hillside at the moment rescuers in an increasingly desperate search finally reached him after five days. as a police helicopter hovered overhead guiding searchers to the spot and capturing dramatic video, luke, who suffers autism, peered out from behind trees in the fraser national park north-east of melbourne. the amazing video shows the moment a uniformed police officer reaches the boy first and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe, before other rescuers join the scene, with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boys shoulders."," but in truth, it was nothing but the worst nightmare — larry, who had just spent days searching in vain on foot and in cars as the search for the boy for more than three months had continued unabating, took to his mobile phone to call a relative in a remote area of the park with the urgent call of ""there it is!""",3.385714
"loneliness is often associated with elderly people who may have lost their partner or feel isolated because they're less mobile. but a new report released today reveals that it is in fact younger people who feel more lonely than older generations - despite being more connected to their friends online. the survey, funded by the big lottery, found that more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point."," one-year, middle and low income households fared the worst with 42 per to 52 per cent feeling lonely, while households of the top three incomes received 73 percent of the total numbers of lonely people.",3.625000
"shhh! don't make a sound. this dog is lost in deep concentration."," i think he wants some air, but he really shouldn´te be here...",3.875000
"a new york judge has granted two chimpanzees held at a research lab the same rights as human prisoners, after a two year legal battle by an animal rights organization. the two primates, currently living in a lab at stony brook university, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus, allowing their detention to be challenged. a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are `unlawfully detained."," the petition seeks to hold the monkeys at the facility for fear of their continued captivity.",3.117647
"rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the scottish football association after admitting the previous board breached `dual ownership 'rules by allowing newcastle chief mike ashley into ibrox. the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox."," hannes tannen, the hampden chief executive, had to resign after agreeing a 2.",3.272727
"a loving boyfriend has granted his girlfriend her birthday wish of having their wedding photographs taken - even though they can't officially get married yet because she is bedridden in hospital. guo kai and girlfriend dong hui, who turned 22 on monday, had been planning to get married this month in sichuan in southwest china. but dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital, meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed, reported the people's daily online."," 'As deng feng said, ""The most beautiful moment in life is having your wedding photo taken,"" but his girlfriend dung hui still refuses to see him off...",3.666667
"while sunseekers across britain have been making the most of the clear skies recently to soak up some sunshine, the lack of clouds has also proved a bonus for stargazers in scotland hoping to catch sight of shooting stars. this incredible image was captured above pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday as photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower. the annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere, and is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour."," if this meteors were indeed part of the meteor shower tonight, there would appear no doubt that they were captured by george taylor's keen lens at 5.",3.333333
"energy drinks like red bull are causing children to behave badly, a teaching union has claimed. pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed. chris keates, general secretary of the nasuwt, likened the caffeinated refreshments to `readily available legal highs'."," Drinking alcohol, he has said, is an example that ``shines a bright and cheery light in our society''.",3.360000
"a pakistani supermodel has been charged with money laundering offences after she was caught carrying over half a million dollars in islamabad airport. 21-year-old ayyan ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - was jailed after a staggering amount of money was discovered in her carry-on bag, the guardian reports. she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 - and has been in a rawalpindi prison since."," The money can be thought as a form of support for jihad, and it can be used to pay for the travel of the jihadists, according the local newspaper, the local newspaper.",3.333333
"brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon, previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling. the young england star has moved a step closer to an anfield exit after revealing in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. sterling, 20, has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is `flattered 'by interest from arsenal."," he has also rejected an offer to extend his deal to another season.",2.571429
"rangers boss stuart mccall says he is already working on a dossier of signing targets for next season - even though he may not be around to parade them. the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their faltering promotion bid. so far, everything is going to plan with gers second in the scottish championship table and destined for a semi-final play-off slot."," yet, stuart is not sure he will see eye-to-face with his current team-mates this week to discuss potential new deals or any discussions about a replacement for lenny asson if he steps down by the end of October.",3.346939
"she costs taxpayers more than # 39,000 a year in benefits. and now cheryl prudham, a pregnant mother of 11, is blowing some of that cash on a # 10,000 trip to las vegas, it was reported yesterday. the 33-year-old is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with her husband robert, 30, during the `no expense spared 'jaunt."," but now she has discovered that, despite a year for her wedding ceremony, a $10-a-night accommodation package will cost taxpayers $13,000.",3.250000
"rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic: on pages 16 and 17 of the united review, next to a picture of ander herrera, screamed the words `right place, right time '. that hasn't always been the case during the spaniard's debut season at old trafford. between october 20 and february 17, herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period, prompting much chatter about his place in the squad."," but was the hype unwinnables ?",4.750000
"a quadriplegic, former indy racing league driver got a chance to drive on the long beach grand prix road course track sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray. when sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again, according to espn. although he defied the odds last spring, driving on the indianapolis motor speedway, schmidt conquered a trickier task sunday: navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in long beach."," but then he began having seizures.",4.714286
"aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their fa cup quarter-final matches. it is alleged that villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs' sixth-round victories against west brom and bradford respectively. both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge."," they have also been charged under clause eight (b) of Fifa's code of ethics.",3.055556
"a married couple who each follow different religions came up with an unusual approach to raising their children - bringing up each of them in a separate faith. diane greenberg, a devout catholic, and her husband bob, who is jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. diane took charge of her daughter, katie, 24; while bob took the reins teaching steven, 21, as they grew up in new hope, pennsylvania."," the children now come from each religion and each religion has a different philosophy about where life should take place - and they've managed to live their lives with that in mind.",3.117647
"arrested: arnold quintero from san antonio, texas. a man has been arrested after a 13-year-old girl was imprisoned, beaten, sexually assaulted and burned with a lighter in america. arnold quintero, 21, from san antonio, texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker."," On March 2, two women aged 18 and 22 were walking to school when they heard a committment being made to leave the community in their own city.",3.575758
"paris st germain coach laurent blanc accepts his side face an almost impossible mission trying to turn around their champions league quarter-final against barcelona at the camp nou on tuesday. the ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant barca led by a lethal luis suarez who grabbed a brace in the 3-1 defeat. they have zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti back from suspension for the second leg but thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured and david luiz is also a fitness doubt."," their coach said on his post europeans website: ""we are still fighting"".",4.176471
"they played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance, these really are dark days for newcastle united. still, at least they returned a club record profit of # 18.7 million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes."," at present there is still one of their own who can really make it, the legendary George Boyd, but if they don´t keep it up this season they will likely end the year on their own.",3.658537
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- video may have killed the radio star, but in norway it's digital that's killing fm radio. in two years' time, the scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. that doesn't mean that norwegians will be left with radio silence; they'll merely have to tune in digitally.","  -lrbrm -lrbrm is a project to digitize a major portion of the Norwegian Radio Broadcasting System.",2.807692
"manchester city defender pablo zabaleta accepts the fallen champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four. zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday's derby loss at manchester united having continued a dismal run which has seen city capitulate in the barclays premier league title race. manuel pellegrini's men crashed 4-2 at old trafford, a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a champions league place."," sampson said: ""It was always supposed to be a tough fixture but we came up against such an important opponent in sundays derby.",3.034483
"sue sim came to national prominence five years ago when she led the northumbria police manhunt for killer raoul moat. a chief constable facing a bullying probe for her alleged alex ferguson-style `hair dryer treatment 'of colleagues is to retire with full pension after 30 years of service. sue sim, who came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt, said she was` sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family."," she told The Guardian: ' I would like a full life outside parliament and as a woman and my husband I am looking for someone who will keep me in touch with my family and other friends and help with my grandchildren.",3.533333
"albert park - australian grand prix. sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai arrived with a bang in formula one and while races in recent seasons haven't quite had the same excitement seen during its early years, there is enough substance for it to be an intriguing watch on race day."," the first race of this season is an Australian grand prix and there are two drivers to watch out for - Red flag winner Michael Bradley and Malaysian driver Romano Feni is also part the grid.",3.350000
"a crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets. barry selby, 54, who lives with his dog in poole, dorset, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery, which appears to be a profile of a human skull. the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet."," it is only to keep it safe as Mr Selfby has been told it can take up 15 bags each day.",4.125000
"many animals mimic human traits and vice versa but this puppy takes the biscuit. leia, an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.","  leion: leia mimics a human gesture and turns into a baby.",3.333333
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in haiti in 2010, a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7.","0 temprature of Haiti's quake that killed 1,000 people in 2009.",2.588235
"all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent, sinister force in british politics. out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in south wales, the trade union firebrand's manner was as warm as the weather. `didn't you once call me a slab-faced marxist?","` he asked a smiling man standing at the door of his pub.",2.928571
"a former new york city investment banker faces trial in eastern long island on charges he raped a woman he took home after celebrating his birthday at a hamptons nightclub. jason lee, 38, a former managing director at goldman sachs, was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east hampton. lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail."," (Reuters) 1 of 14 • Email This Story Send email this report to a friend Print This Story  A former goldman sachs banker who allegedly attacked a women he took home from a New York City club after celebrating one last year at a party has been indicted on charges of sexual assault — the first such case in New York state since a police officer, Christopher Wray of the office of New York City Attorney Loretta Decker , joined in last year.",2.680851
"a bosnian town, home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction. officials in buzim, north west bosnia said their home should be known as the `town of twins', due to the unusually high number of multiple births. local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war."," 'The number has reached 20, I mean it's like a world famous world in every sense' the local said referring him and a friend.",4.275862
"facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. the documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet."," the case could be the first of a host of pending criminal cases related with Twitter, Facebook etc.",3.450000
"an entire herd of buffalo has been shot dead by law enforcement in upstate new york after they escaped from a farm. around 15 animals ran away from their pen in schodack in rensselaer county on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river. they then started running down the thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including buffalo and new york city."," this caused a massive search that included helicopters, fire trucks, ambulances and countless people from around us, as we searched our way up into the forests of ronco rickford.",3.789474
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- charlotte dujardin says she is ""living the dream"" as she cements her status as a dressage legend. dujardin and valegro won their their second consecutive reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas at the weekend -- a trophy to sit alongside olympic gold and the world and european titles. while their score of 94.","095 is a record, it's no match for julien d'honger's 92.",3.500000
"football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned. a british schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in lanzarote. football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an `accidental drowning '."," a British schoolboy has died in a small pool on the final night of a family holiday.",2.105263
"francis coquelin is determined to take his chance at arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend patrick vieira. the frenchman has thrived in the centre of arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at championship side charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. vieira was captain during arsenal's trophy laden beginning to arsene wenger's reign and coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend."," ""i played against patricks in his days and i knew him well so when i played against him at huddersfield i was impressed.",3.103448
"19 kids and counting stars jessa duggar and ben seewald are both known for being incredibly fitness - and health-conscious, and now that they are expecting their first child, they have to adapt their lifestyle. jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband ben announced the the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc.com, which featured them both making health smoothies, and jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly, to ensure that she can remain fit and active while expecting.","  In a recent blogpost on the couple's website, the twins wrote: 'As soon we discovered that we had twins, our minds immediately went to the things in our lives which we had not really thought of as being in our control, or having anything 'mechanically-sound'.",2.983333
"rescuers were given quite the surprise after a horse that was stuck in a muddy ditch for six hours turned out to be white when it was hosed down. eighteen firefighters freed the havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather. relieved owner tracey hannant, from bexleyheath, south london, said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch."," the horse looked pale and tired and when he wiggling his way out of it's predicament, it looked red.",3.250000
"cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army. but it was tony abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her."," and it's hard to imagine anything worse than abbott's response when he had the balls not to give her a free pass just when it looked that she was about ready to change.",3.243243
"a new anti-smoking advert warning people that they could get colon cancer and be forced to use an ostomy bag for the rest of their lives has drawn the anger of a 19-year-old student who uses one as a consequence of her fight with inflammatory bowel disease. hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad, commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention, to be banned.","  The advice from ad, which was unveiled this week, advises not smoking while pregnant and that if you do become allergic or sensitive to nicotine, do NOT smoke while pregnant or on an oral contraceptives, such like the Pill.",3.347826
"a woman's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. rachel sandridge, 29, from maryland, says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor. sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs."," But after visiting the hospital for a routine check up and receiving treatment for her cancerous cancerous lining, sandstone was diagnosed, and was able, with much difficulty, get surgery.",3.459459
"the number plate that got jeremy clarkson and his former top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina was a direct reference to the falklands war, a judge has ruled. while the bbc claimed the plate, which read h982 fkl, was an `unhappy coincidence ', maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately` provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year. in a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as `arrogant and disrespectful '.","  i don't believe that this whole thing was an accident, at least for a moment.",3.450000
"the queen was today joined by her husband the duke of edinburgh as she met the canadian highlanders to mark the bravery of the country's servicemen and women in the first world war. her majesty, who looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress, was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square, central london. during the first world war commemorations, the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while prince philip sat for a portrait with the royal hamilton light infantry."," the dame duc said they were ""praising Britain and the country we lived and fought in"" and said they wanted to remember the men and women who wore their armour and uniforms to make their country proud.""",3.279070
"a family is fearing for a missing colorado father of five who was last seen nearly two weeks ago while making a purchase of more than $350 at a southern california walmart. oliver pareece jones, 37, was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26 am."," at the height the sun was beating down and when he checked out it looked nothing like what the store showed at that time of night.",3.666667
"first they made a life-sized bronze statue of him, and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour. barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director, who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his oscar winning film, vicky cristina barcelona. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, la llotja, following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building."," the museum is set for opening in January next year in honour of the film director and will contain three interactive display areas and an art gallery, as part of an overall project to create two million square feet of exhibition hall.",3.045455
"chelsea match-winner cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road. the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green. the win moved jose mourinho's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal."," he said after the game that ""it was an amazing effort"" and added that he hopes to add to his record for hat tricks in the league before the season is up.",2.714286
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- erika langhart had a zest for life. by the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries. after graduating from college she was working in washington and thinking about going to law school."," she was so excited to visit another country, a nation whose culture and traditions had been with her the whole five months she lived there.",3.555556
"a teacher has been banned from the classroom after he let pupils change their exam answers invalidating his whole school's sats results. ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds, which assess english, maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury, gloucestershire. this was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard."," ian is reported to have failed to provide pupils the correct results and had his exams postponed, as a consequence.",3.217391
"angela merkel threw down the gauntlet to david cameron last night and said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers. the german chancellor demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength. the call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean, where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy."," some countries in the Middle east and north Africa have also turned away migrants, including hundreds at sea in the Mediterranean and the Middle east, in large part due a surge at the Italian coast.",3.289474
"the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people. a video from the office features characters in `safety suits' including bubbleman, a` fashionista 'wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights. the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone, including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year."," the website is also looking to put the word out online with a website promoting its efforts.",3.833333
"an indian farmer hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children. with furious demonstrations going on below him in the capital delhi, ganjendra singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at ram manohar lohia hospital."," local media said he was ""unable even to talk"" to relatives.",3.400000
"having been on the receiving end of a 6-1 thumping, a defeat like that could be justifiably met with a backlash by angry supporters. watching a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage turn into a 7-4 deficit come the end of the reverse encounter too could send many fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side. however that doesn't appear the case for those devoted to porto."," they are winning and it's simply because they're talented and talented players, playing well.",3.500000
"former leeds and england coach tony smith admits he was shocked by kevin sinfield's decision to switch codes but, on reflection, believes it could be an inspired decision. sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the rhinos' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract. sinfield, who is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points, told a news conference at headingley he did not want to play against rhinos and that the opportunity to spearhead carnegie's bid for a premiership return was too good to resist."," ""I've had a lot of interest from every club in rugby League to play for them.",2.526316
"it has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the uk. thousands of the 165ft towers line the land, spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat's cradle of high-voltage cables. but their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday -- complete with a pair of distinctive `earrings'."," the piers appear to be the work of a Dutch engineer and were built for the London Pall Mall (now a shopping mall) along with three other structures.",3.375000
"over the past couple of weeks it hasn't just been zayn malik's departure from one direction that has been making the headlines, it's been his personal life too. for zayn's relationship with little mix singer perrie edwards as come under scrutiny as the 22-year-old was once again accused of cheating on his fiance. at the weekend swedish model martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently."," a number and the actress even went in depth to defend her actions on Twitter after the reports came out.",3.809524
"jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday. the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run, seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. 'i think it's down to confidence,' he said of his victory.","  john brownle made a surprise start in the men's race with an 18.",3.277778
"former arsenal forward andrei arshavin is set to be released by russian league leaders zenit st petersburg at the end of the season, along with veteran ukraine midfielder anatoly tymoshchuk. zenit coach andre villas-boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair, whose current deals expire at the end of the season. the former chelsea and tottenham manager said: `the situation is developing so that their contracts run out."," so you can imagine what kind, where we are with it.",3.461538
"the wife of paedophile and former bega cheese ceo maurice van ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls, a court has heard. the father of one of van ryn's victims has also been seen in her backyard, lawyer francois salama told the nsw supreme court on thursday morning. `she's concerned for her safety, 'he told van ryn's sentencing hearing.","  ""she believes her life is in imminent jeopardy,"" he admitted.",3.285714
"george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video assaulting a woman in panama city. a third suspect has been arrested by police as a suspect in a brutal sexual assault that occurred on a florida beach. george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city."," a third man, the police officer, has just confessed to that attack.",3.866667
"a grandmother nicknamed the `fairy dogmother 'spends more than # 28,000 a year looking after the stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home. for more than 30 years, pat senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton, greater manchester, with the animals, taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary. she estimates that she spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets."," , 67, and one-time owner of a horse who was taken into her care, spent more on her three dogs than she did her life savings.",3.000000
"these images show the world's smallest working gun - which is shorter than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34 mm in diameter. created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.","  sounds of laughter as the gun fires  to the delight of gun enthusiasts in the US  a video showing the gun's firing speed on YouTube.",3.090909
"leeds midfielder rudi austin was sent off in the first half as blackburn warmed up for wednesday's home fa cup quarter-final replay against liverpool with a 3-0 win. austin saw red in the 39th minute for elbowing ben marshall off the ball and though leeds resisted strongly until just after the hour mark, second-half goals by tom cairney, jordan rhodes and jay spearing settled the match. rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches while leeds' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end."," The hosts were the beneficiaries of a good start when jonathon mason-youngs got on the scoresheeting in the 25th minutes with a powerful shot that beat ladd cleary and gave ladd rangers the early advantage.",3.180000
"castleford's blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery. the news could have been worse for carney, who dislocated his elbow in the tigers' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared. castleford winger justin carney is set to be out for up to months after being told he needs elbow surgery."," the news was just revealed after the club released a statement saying that he had been advised he needed surgery.",2.476190
"matt dunford, 30, who claimed to be `britain's vainest man ', has been ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work for harassing an ex-girlfriend, pictured today outside court. a fitness fanatic dubbed` britain's vainest man' who set up a fake website claiming his ex-girlfriend was a prostitute has been ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work for harassing her. matt dunford, 30, bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down."," the 'british'' model, who claims she's never been unfruitful in her entire 18-month relationship, said the messages had to be carried as correspondence.",3.428571
"australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his `inappropriate and disrespectful 'anzac day tweets. mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter yesterday, calling it` the cultification of an imperialist invasion,' and accusing australian diggers of committing war crimes which included `widespread rape and theft. 'in a joint statement, sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport, ken shipp said mcintyre's` highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable.","  The apology comes after news broke that scott mcintyre tweeted `a huge number of offensive remarks about anus america' at the end or around 23.",3.371429
"`my, my! at waterloo napoleon did surrender, 'sang sweden's fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner. now this may come as a surprise, but you would be well advised not to rely on abba to help with your history homework."," as far as you think about the band and their music goes this one may disappoint.",4.117647
"a journalist for a russian tv station has been severely injured after stepping on a land mine in ukraine, following a night of heavy fighting between russian-backed rebels and government forces. andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne, a village near mariupol in east ukraine, and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds. mr lunev, reportedly from donetsk, ukraine, received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues, before he was taken to hospital."," he then began an extended hospital stay and remains in a critical condition in selena hospital.",3.578947
"the probe into the suicide of a 12-year-old girl was more of a `publicity stunt 'than an investigation, according to a new lawsuit. rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland, florida in september 2013. the following month, the polk county sheriff's office said she likely killed herself following` malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, katelyn roman, then 12, and guadalupe shaw, 13."," the girls have not faced charges that they were victims of bullying, according     i had written to all three families of two girls about the case in a February, 2014 op ed, in which I wrote:     i thought the cases of children in Florida being bullied and killed by their teachers and school staff was disturbing and alarming, and if so I was disturbed that neither district nor police had any idea what had actually occurred, and was surprised that the sheriff�s office or both had not taken any serious action.",3.403846
"celebrity residents and good commuter links to the city have made esher in surrey the country's number one income tax hotspot, research shows. those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency -- home to gary lineker, frank lampard, mick hucknall and chris tarrant -- have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year. they paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging # 16,900, almost four times the national average of # 4,363, a study by accountancy group uhy hacker young found."," , they were paying almost half the total income amount of the top earners in 2013/8, and the top 4 per% earners made up over 80 per cent.",3.558824
"a merry widow from edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. pat ingles, 69, remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers. in comparison, the retired hairdresser, prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours."," 'it's not the drinking I want and the drinking isn't for me,' she says.",3.052632
"oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport. for the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men. hot favourites oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against cambridge, as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the men."," with the world record for the smallest length course to be raced last at 16.",4.250000
"a green-skinned figure in a medieval manuscript may look very familiar to star wars fans. the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document. but in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson, one expert claims."," it turns the ancient figure into the hero of the book of marc and is designed to promote the ancient Jewish faith, and the religious belief of the people of the book of Marches.",3.578947
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- on april 20, 2010, a final cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed, causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in u.s. history and taking the lives of 11 rig workers.","      The well burst off a cliff on June 22nd 2001 when the blowpipe that was used to cool natural sand fell on top and collapsed the well.",4.062500
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the united nations is appealing for $174 million to help nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. boko haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques. it has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year."," many have been held captive since April 2015.",2.666667
"a father and two children, aged eight and two, were killed after their suv rolled over on a highway. the car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county, on central florida's atlantic coast. authorities say 38-year-old uriel miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter yaretsi miranda died saturday evening at a hospital."," officials say the car had been reported missing Monday and they have no clue where it is going to be found.",3.000000
"manchester united are to introduce the living wage at old trafford in july. at a recent premier league meeting clubs agreed to adopt the policy, which sees in-house staff paid # 7.85 an hour -lrb- or # 9.","85 -a piece of their day's wage, compared to £5 and above @CelticsFanClub @GKLFC @Celtianfootball @mcloughlin @julian-sherman- the # living wage will include food -lrb -a part of work, not just in your time off @peter_shapley4 welcoming: we've raised £50k to raise the # living-welfare fund to £750.",3.754717
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- jackson gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old. by day he is an industrial design student at philadelphia university, but gordon has another side to him -- a side altogether darker, tougher and more enigmatic. hanging in his workshop gordon has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife."," he is a master warrior, with a blade of steel as big as the world is wide, a weapon that allows him more control over any conflict than he ever imagined possible, and that can be lethal if it is not used by others, in a manner that even his greatest fears cannot foresee or even comprehend.",3.483871
"babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free `lucky 'silver pennies. the royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013. parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess, due later this month, will have to register the birth of their child on the royal mint's facebook page to receive the commemorative gift."," each newborn born with a new birth date in the month of April has a 'sneaker-thumbs-down'-type certificate attached to its original birthdate.",3.705882
"mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to the powers that be within the german giant and demand extra revenue to fight off the new threat of ferrari. from out of the blue, it was the scarlet red of ferrari that was back on the top step of the podium for the first time in almost two years last time out in malaysia, pushing reigning champion lewis hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg down to second and third. from the threat of another silver arrows-dominated campaign in the wake of last year's stunning success and crushing start to the season in australia, formula one was provided with a much-needed tonic with ferrari's return to winning ways courtesy of sebastian vettel."," this was not expected and with no change in drivers from the team for the 2015 season as a group of drivers have been brought to the forefront, the new strategy could not be executed with the team back to the top of the pile.",3.680851
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- espn's britt mchenry this week found herself in the news, rather than reporting on it, after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington, virginia. among the highlights, as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to liveleak: ""i'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer, honey,"" and ""i wouldn't work at a scumbag place like this. makes my skin crawl even being here."," how the hell are they doing all this to me and my business?",3.357143
"he is a world cup winner, spanish football legend, and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit. and now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of andrés iniesta after he listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb. the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the `bodega iniesta 'vineyard he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out.","  `I'm not a farmer, but I can do what I want and this could be a great experience for those who want it,' the striker told the broadcaster.",2.885714
"a teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence. on september 7, 2014, samantha giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, before she was abandoned. so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved."," Posted on Tuesday, 6th August 2013, at 7 a.",4.000000
"polk city, florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- if you drove by it, you wouldn't even know it's there. the ringling bros.. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida, halfway between orlando and sarasota, off a nondescript country road."," It's home to the world's largest and most productive farm, known locally as ""The Farm to Famine.""",2.913043
"manchester city are coming up against statistically the deadliest striker in the premier league when they face crystal palace on easter monday. glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season - giving him a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively, behind papiss cisse and olivier giroud."," jenkinson's goal-scoring rate is now at the best in the league - the team leader last year having a goals-against rate of 1:2.",3.363636
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- getting caught napping on the job is never good. getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level. alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.","  ""The aircraft went vertical and hit this huge pile on top of it,"" said Capt Mike Bielkowsky, of a Seattle-based airline.",3.437500
"a filmmaker, whose older sister has down syndrome, is confronting the misuse of the word `retarded 'and exploring the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult in her upcoming documentary, which aims to change the way people think, speak and act. amanda lukoff, from arlington, virginia, teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo. the director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c."," cahale , mike russo from ny and patton lennon from the r-word cast.",3.880000
"feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water, and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue. born on january 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of tokyo. initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs were encouraged by their mother, cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space."," when the cub fell into the pool of water, her son immediately began to help his mother retrieve him.",2.761905
"fabio capello claimed john terry is still england's best defender and maintained he should never have been stripped of his captaincy. speaking about the terry race row for the first time since leaving his post as england manager, capello said england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea stalwart at their disposal. `i think john is england's best defender and they have not got a lot of defenders, 'said capello,` it is better to have a player like john than not have him."," capello had some good thoughts about the terry race row and the way it had gone, but made him look even worse if the controversy did not stop before too too far, he said, he had had a good week of the gaelic season.",3.769231
"former american president ronald reagan asked mikhail gorbachev for help from russia to `fight the alien invader '. the president and former actor went off-script during a peace summit in geneva in the 1980s to ask the soviet leader for his support in the event of an invasion from extra terrestrial life. reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students, and his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them."," For more info check out the official transcript of the recording (which the president released a few years ago ) and click on it on YouTube.",3.655172
"david bulman -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face. a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing. david bulman, 55, and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing."," lubovi, 40 , said in court: ""He's not doing the washing, there's nobody to do it for him"".",3.259259
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- would you want a tv program about your family history to include details of a distant, long-deceased relative who had owned slaves? seriously, who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to other than a remote bloodline? i wouldn't, and neither did ben affleck, who lobbied producers of a pbs show, ""finding your roots,"" to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather benjamin cole, a georgia slave owner in the mid-1800's, in an episode that looked at affleck's family history."," i would find this so much more problematic than any connection to his father being a member of the KKK.",3.666667
"there's nothing better than a succulent steak, sizzling from the hot plate, charred to perfection on the outside, bursting with juices within. people often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that's bone dry, grey-hued and distinctly unappetising. so what is the best way to cook the perfect steak?"," what kind of temperature will bring out all it's wonderful flavours and textures, making it perfect to enjoy after a meal of steak or salmon, vegetables and potatoes?",3.625000
"caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside nfl star j.j. watt."," woz tweeted out a photo of the two on the bench with the word ""nfl"" scrawling on the side of their jersey.",2.678571
"hearts have confirmed that captain danny wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract. despite having a further year left on his current deal at tynecastle, the 23-year-old has decided to look for a new challenge in the wake of leading the gorgie outfit to championship title success. wilson initially joined hearts on loan from liverpool in january 2013 before then putting pen to paper on a three-year contract."," after signing an extension to the deal on 1st July last year, he has now had enough of being treated like a 'thruskeller'.",3.166667
"andrea dossena, a man liverpool once shelled out # 7million for, has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods. the 33-year-old, who now plies his trade with league one strugglers leyton orient, was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday. dossena, whose crowning moment for liverpool came when he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league, was later bailed."," his arrest comes less than two months on from a shocking incident that took a terrible toll on the club's image.",2.695652
"fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned. while the drinks are said to have health benefits, some brands contain more than a day's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. the local government association, which represents councils that are responsible for public health, accused soft drink firms of `dragging their heels' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products."," In March 2015 a US-based research group released an investigation which estimated the sugar in soft drinks sold in the US were around 12 per kiloz of juice.",3.606061
"new delhi, india -lrb- cnn -rrb- as the earth shook in nepal, tremors were felt over the border in india as well. it was a call to action: within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake, india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission."," I sat in our makeshift shelter for a while to look for a source for aid.",3.944444
"one in five parents sedates their children before a long road trip, despite fears the medication can cause breathing problems. a national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families which revealed four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an ipad, while another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. almost 20 per cent of nsw families use a more extreme technique, admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant."," a third do not take their children to the school playground while another 27.",3.600000
"doctors solved the mystery behind an arkansas man's kidney failure after discovering he loved downing a gallon of iced tea every day. medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses."," the kidney had problems because the patient's blood was too acidic and the blood had a high amount a of oxaloacetate, a chemical known also to cause kidney stones as it could form in acidic soils.",3.166667
"a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away `every piece of joy 'in her life. jessica howard, 23, denounced` night stalker' clive howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life."," she demanded that a new law criminalise the rapist for any violence he causes during rape.",3.833333
"last weekend, after a sunny day in the borders, i posted this picture of myself on twitter with the caption `just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing! 'i admit, it wasn't a particularly funny joke, but i had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of scotland's first minister and the leader of the snp. i was called ugly, vile,` someone who deserves to die', and one wit even `hoped i would catch malaria '."," (i have since deleted the tweet.)",2.875000
"a football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport -- from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days. dave doggett, the boss of league two outfit cambridge united, believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their `gangs'."," `These are men that have been a part of the game since the 1950s, 60s, 70 years, that have been loyal supporters of the club.",2.562500
"arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday. sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave, and following the world cup, the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger's expert guidance, going on to make an instant impression in english football. the french coach, however, admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards."," sanchez was expected to be on loan at home for a short period this season after he signed for Barcelona in the summer, and while the club's owner, Florent Maloudas insists this was only a temporary spell, the Chile international has already made it very well known he is looking for more gametime.",2.952381
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- by the time kim kardashian set out to ""break the internet"" in november last year, a photo by 23-year-old conor mcdonnell had already got there -- with a little help from kim's music superstar husband kanye west. mcdonnell is the self-taught photography star behind instagram's most liked photo, showing the couple's embrace at their may wedding, which has earned more than 2.4 milllion ""likes"" to date.","  But after posting a video on Thursday of them and their wedding photographer, 22-year-old greg vass, being in total shock, there's even video of it all from Kim's wedding day, which you, Kim, can view below, with Kim Kardashian's consent -- so you can watch yourself get married!",3.731343
"designer lilly pulitzer's family learned that it's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the `pink sunday 'rush for the late ms pulitzer's eponymous brand's brightly-colored, limited edition collaboration at target. the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm."," not happy with the company, she sent an alarm from her bedroom.",4.000000
"kathmandu, nepal -lrb- cnn -rrb- kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now, but tanka maya sitoula has one of them. the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck, bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment."," she told reporters in a phone interview that she lost a chunk on the seventh floor, which she took off the floor to be replaced by a ladder.",3.200000
"simon calvert of the christian institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job. schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons, union leaders say. the national union of teachers has called for a `positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made` compulsory 'under the next government."," ""As with any discussion of issues that concern the profession we must be patient with what we receive in order to ensure that what we hear has an appropriate amount to support us in our efforts.",3.815789
"europe's controversial new laws banning ultra-thin models from strutting down the catwalk may be doing more harm than good as models are reportedly going to extreme measures to ensure they clock in at a `healthy 'weight when they hop on the scale - including stuffing their underwear with sandbags. earlier this month france passed a new law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low, in an attempt to combat anorexia. and the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fines of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models."," In an article on the French-American website El Nuevo Herald, models in their underwear are allegedly being urged by a local model agency, Fondation Jean Gagarin - which has won over celebrities including Elton John, Jennifer Hudson and Beyonce - not to take off their shirts.",3.409836
"politicians are criss-crossing the country wooing voters ahead of the election in 27 days' time. but in more than half of seats the result is already known, according to new analysis of safe seats. more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted, because one party is so far ahead."," this is more often on the order of 30 to 30 per cent of the vote, the research shows.",3.142857
"manchester city are preparing bids for english trio raheem sterling, ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad. the club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of frank lampard and uncertainty over james milner's future exacerbating the problem. etihad stadium chiefs have moved to address the situation and are expected to lodge offers for liverpool winger sterling, everton midfielder barkley and southampton striker rodriguez."," and they will have to wait till August to secure either these players and their respective positions, with the potential for the remaining two – the u21 team have two offers submitted for them but have not yet accepted the one for jay.",3.659574
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- five years ago, rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. this week, she got threatened for her action. the trouble started monday, when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question."," how can you shoot a dead animal when you're still in its cradle?",3.066667
"it was due to be a routine mission to examine the depths of the gulf of mexico. however, researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean. rather than the deep sea squid and corals they expected to see, a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub - causing gasps and shouts of `holy cow 'from the sub's operators."," the crew realized what they had discovered and decided to return to the surface without the monster.",3.000000
"the city of eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships. the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council, who decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a `unique strategic opportunity to host the iaaf world championships for the first time in the usa '. eugene failed last november in its bid to host the 2019 event, which was instead awarded to doha, but a recent presentation to the iaaf persuaded the governing body the city has what it takes to stage a world championships."," the winner of the bid competition is expected this summer.",3.000000
"manchester united have offered to make david de gea the world's best-paid goalkeeper on # 200,000-a-week to keep him at old trafford. fears are growing at united that de gea will return to spain and join real madrid on a free transfer when his contract runs out next summer. so far there has been no breakthrough in negotiations and manager louis van gaal admitted yesterday that the club have made de gea a huge offer to persuade him to stay."," the offer is now understood and according to the Sunday Telegraph, United are now considering whether to make the sale permanent or allow the goalkeeper to leave on loan.",3.354839
"chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto, according to club president naoki ogane. the japan international, who has played for the j-league side since 2013, will join chelsea's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer. ogane claims that chelsea's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february."," mzilla also claimed as many reports regarding muto's transfer to sampdoria.",3.777778
"the german government had been warned of a heightened risk of flying over eastern ukraine just days before the mh17 disaster last year, it has been claimed. despite being told of the risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash, germany failed to pass on the warning, local media reported. malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17, and all 298 aboard were killed."," the two passengers had travelled from Brussels to the capital with a group of four people to see the latest star attractions.",4.043478
"ed balls has been accused of treating the public with `contempt 'after dismissing as a` joke' the infamous labour note admitting the party had blown the nation's finances. the shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010, was just a `jokey note '. mr byrne's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated:` dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money."," the only thing you have is the note - it doesn´t change much and is not worth the money to keep it` s number in the treasury.",3.419355
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the quaint town of dunblane, scotland, has been set abuzz by the wedding of tennis legend andy murray to his long-term girlfriend, kim sears. saturday's event -- dubbed ""the royal wedding of scotland"" -- took place at dunblane cathedral, with cheering crowds spilling onto the streets to support their home-grown talent. the grand slam and olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt, while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by british designer jenny packham."," she was joined on stage, by her longtime partner, by fellow UK tennis player, former tennis champion, ex-grand slams tennis player, the beautiful and talented bobby kennedy.",3.026316
"ahead of this weekend's premier league action, sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for arsenal's home clash with liverpool... arsenal vs liverpool -lrb- emirates stadium -rrb-. team news."," Liverpool are expected at home against Arsenal on Sunday with the lads expecting to get a chance to return ahead of the clash at Anfield.",3.296296
"fully charged: the new scheme will let ee customers pick up free portable chargers. the uk's biggest mobile network has announced details of a scheme to help customers keep their mobile phones charged. ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are."," uk's biggest mobile operator has announced plans as to who can apply.",3.333333
"this adorable dancer's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation. the talented toddler, believed to be from china and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. happily bobbing along to the music, the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old, slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware, as seen in a video on the people's daily online."," if you have seen her before you can find out more about her here: www:www:a.",2.857143
"police are using tiny plastic lego figures in a campaign to warn people about the rising tide of housebreakings in scotland. officers from police scotland's edinburgh division -- which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent -- posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime. last night, victims branded the move as `insensitive 'and` a joke'."," Police said that although Lego have made a point of offering their own models, their figures were too similar to their own.",3.458333
"a kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease is now fighting for custody of her child after the 11-year-old boy disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school. shona banda, 37, who published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for crohn's disease, has a custody hearing monday in garden city, kansas. her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services."," The school superintendent reported that a student had been ""screaming at others"" and ""lashing out with the hand that would hit a pencil.""",3.700000
"it could have easily been passed off as an april fool's day joke, but for one couple winning the # 53million euromillions jackpot was a reality. richard and angela maxwell, from coningsby in lincolnshire, became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. the couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with mr maxwell planning to retire and play bowls."," ""we've come to a point where we'll probably just keep our heads above water and make a bit from this,"" he said, ""but I think we should be able do something with it.""",2.750000
"james webster, 35, was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency. a voyeur who used a hidden camera to film up women's skirts as they bent over freezers in lidl has been spared jail. james webster targeted female shoppers at the lidl store in maidenhead, berkshire, as they hunted for bargains in the large chest freezers."," he filmed up his way before his victim - a shopper who was about 20 yards behind him - could react.",3.478261
"lancashire have signed australia all-rounder james faulkner as their overseas player for the bulk of this summer. faulkner will arrive after his indian premier league commitments to replace compatriot peter siddle, who will play in the red rose's first four lv = county championship matches before joining the australia squad. faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand to win the world cup last month, taking three for 36 to help bowl the black caps out for 183 in a seven-wicket victory."," fauckninger's last outing was the wicket-taking knock in which his firstball strike was short.",3.791667
"ronny deila bemoaned the refereeing blunder which cost ten-man celtic side a crack at a rare domestic treble. virgil van dijk's sublime 16th free-kick gave the parkhead side a dream start to their scottish cup semi-final clash with inverness. but the parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball from josh meekings."," but the referee missed the spot of another blunder, this and this .",4.400000
"juan mata has collected his player of the month award for march from manchester united and was quick to thank his supporters after receiving the gong. mata scored both goals as united overturned liverpool with a 2-1 win at anfield, while also producing an impressive display in the 3-0 home victory over tottenham. the spain international's return to the united side coincided with two of the best performances from louis van gaal's team this season against spurs and liverpool and the fans were quick to acknowledge mata's influence."," this weekend, he will continue to inspire his side towards success in what looks set the most exciting title race in Premier league history, with the last three matches all being played away to london in what will certainly be a high scoring affair with plenty of positives for the champions to take.",3.403509
"fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. the highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress."," this led to the popular trend for bloggers to post more similar shots by using the same image of the same outfit, and after being tagged by the popular fashion bloggers (this is a trend the fashion brand has long since mastered), their combined attention helped generate a flood of posts, some featuring all 50 of the fashionistas dressed in the outfit.",3.602941
"a vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women. close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company wicked campers, after the brand failed remove `sexist 'paintings from their vans including the slogan,` in every princess, there's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once'. the brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet, prompting the company's ceo john webb to promise in july last year to remove the slogans within six months."," but since the protest started the business has faced backlash from women's groups concerned with a wide spectrum of topics including domestic violence, rape, sexual assault, domestic issues, and child abuse.",3.108108
"blackburn rovers are in familiar territory facing an fa cup replay against one of the country's best, only this time it's liverpool and not manchester city. last season, the championship side held eventual premier league champions city to a draw, but were then thrashed 5-0 in the return. none-the-less, midfielder tom cairney didn't come away from the game empty handed and grabbed yaya toure's shirt at the end, which takes pride of place framed in his living room.","  his goal was his first since the 2.",2.727273
"is this the world's safest bike? its designers certainly think so. boasting front and rear lights, rear view mirrors and even a car horn, the team behind the electric babel bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety."," , though the prototype will never be mass- produced , has a much smaller footprint than other existing electric bikes, can be operated by a range attendant, has a battery packed with energy sources, and is more portable than a standard bicycle .",3.458333
"break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners' names tattooed on their bodies. jessica hardy, 23, from hereford, was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid. `i'm desperate to get rid of it, i have bad dreams about it, 'she said on channel 5 show tattoo disasters."," Her ex rams the tattoo machine as her friends cheer, laughing hysteric.",3.937500
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the reserve deputy who shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun, and another deputy who can be heard cursing at the suspect after he was shot, were not in their normal states of mind because of the elevated stress of apprehending the suspect, according to a tulsa, oklahoma, investigator. tulsa police sgt. jim clark, who has been brought in to review the case, said tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates, 73, ""inadvertently"" shot eric courtney harris after harris -- a possibly pcp-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer -- ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting."," However, the tulalau county deputy, who was shot in his left hip, is recovering.",3.047619
"why would you spend your holiday at another nondescript hotel, when you could have your own island, and stay in a 19th century lighthouse, all for the same price as a b&b. the impressive ile louët is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany, france, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat. groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of $200 -lrb- # 145 / $215 -rrb- for two nights."," you can enjoy an evening of local entertainment and dining in the dining room for only $175 -lrb- .",2.956522
"the senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on australian soil in a flash new propaganda video. authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - former melbourne man neil prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday. now al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his `beloved brothers' to` rise up 'and attack targets in australia."," the video showed al cambodi being led away in a police van along with a number o police officers.",2.863636
"one of two teenagers feared to have crossed into syria to join isis is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi -lrb- pictured -rrb-, who became britain's youngest convicted terrorist when he was found guilty of terror offences at the age of 18 in 2008. a relative of britain's youngest convicted terrorist is believed to be among two teenagers who have fled into syria to join isis. the pair from dewsbury, west yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones."," the pair were both 17when they were arrested by police in October of 2001 .",3.875000
"this was as far away from the ashes cauldron as it is possible to be but a quiet day of run scoring against sub-standard opposition in picturesque basseterre at the start of england's caribbean tour meant everything to jonathan trott. it must have seemed to trott that he would never again bat for england when he suffered that brutal dismantling at the hands of mitchell johnson during england's ill-fated last ashes tour almost 18 months ago. yet here he was, recovered from the mental condition that forced his departure from australia and now certain of a new role opening the batting in the first test in antigua next week."," if this was the time to celebrate, trotti would be proud.",3.428571
"roy keane, republic of ireland assistant manager, pictured during a euro 2016 qualifier on march 29. former manchester united footballer roy keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence after it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver fateh kerar, 44, near traffic lights in altrincham, cheshire.","  roy keany - in quotes he said had originally been taken out in a previous version of the newspaper - had earlier in the period of the police chase said to have been ""disgraced"".",4.048780
"mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters. for much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els, as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman, an american representative of the rank and file. last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows."," a new player in line for the title was jane watson, a 19-time major final winner and the only woman in the field with the chance of becoming one of golfing's youngest champions.",3.121951
"amid renewed calls for fifa to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 world cup to qatar, new research by the mail on sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals -- including legitimate trade deals -- in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote. qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot. the mos analysis suggests that qatar spent an astonishing # 17.","5 bln euro for each of those 2 votes.",3.363636
"nigel jackson, 59, a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has written a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died. a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has admitted burying her body in the garden but denies killing her, claiming she must have died during a bungled burglary. nigel jackson, 59, was arrested at his country home in alvor, near portimao in the algarve, in january, after the body of his wife brenda davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside."," the bodies were discovered a day after a burglary by jack and wife at an estate near his house in the city of portugal which occurred in early February.",3.548387
"binge drinking might seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon - but in fact it is a time-honoured tradition, according to health experts. ancient civilisations such as the romans, greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. now one academic suggests that modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture."," according, it was the drunkenness of the ancient Romans that caused more problems in modern times - but is this just an outlier?",3.481481
"a pair of foxes viciously fight to the death in a battle to claim a lone vixen. the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle. wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera."," he captures the fierce fight between the fox and the vengely viking, both of whom were wearing a leather-bound leather harness and a pair of fox armor.",3.323529
"celebrities and dietitians have been promoting back-to-basic diets and warning us off processed foods for years - and the trend is now taking hold in the pet world. three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones in his quest to lose weight. his owners, margaret and patrick evans from leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas."," Their little friend is currently on the Atkins diet, a diet that has become a standard for many pets.",3.666667
"manchester united striker james wilson has revealed that if he could take one quality from team-mate wayne rooney and add it to his own game, it would be the england captain's ability to take free-kicks. the 19-year-old, speaking during an interview in may's issue of inside united, added that he would want robin van persie's movement and radamel falcao's instincts. the united starlet said earlier this season that he was using his opportunity training with the first team to learn from the three experienced forwards, who have scored more than 450 professional goals between them."," it would be nice for one-time striker roONEYF, who played in the under 19s squad this summer and, although currently out of action, will be involved when United travel back to training in late August, to play as an attacking midfielder.",3.647059
"it was the moment a man, hands open in peace, stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage. a striking picture, taken by photographer kenji wardenclyffe, captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the `islamisation 'of australia. the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia, an anti-islam group, organised protests at major cities across australia, which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations."," the action was also witnessed in wollongong - the protest against fascism took the forms of protests against a man dressed as Hitler and his followers and his supporters dressed alike.",3.628571
"north west was a happy traveller on tuesday as she arrived in paris with her famous parents. the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city, as well as kim's home nation of armenia."," it was the family that had taken the initiative to have bobby do the photo shoots for the tour and the young mother's smile had been captured in perfect pictures as they sat down to take their pictures with all of their guests as well as the staff in the hotel bar.",3.490909
"two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in western australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. the concerns around fiona stanley hospital, in southwest perth, were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources. however, according to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty."," however when contacted, a spokesperson from West Australian Hospital in Adelaide confirmed the hospital had been given the greenlight to move into an upgraded hospital that is in the planning stages and is due to be up for contract by November 2015.",3.377778
"wayne rooney knows champions league qualification is manchester united's to lose, making this weekend's clash with aston villa all the more important. louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings as the season enters the closing stages, boasting a five-point cushion over the chasing pack after winning so impressively at liverpool before the international break. juan mata's brace earned united a deserved 2-1 triumph at anfield to give them a buffer over the reds, as well as fellow top-four contenders southampton and tottenham."," marcel janssens has given the home supporters plenty notches of encouragement, with his brace giving him 22 league goals on the season, while a second-half goal from the stoic rooney was also the most notable of a disappointing night for the south.",3.148148
"a 15-year-old boy has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train after his mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police. deshawn isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal position, according to assistant state's attorney joe dibella. isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand and spent it on junk food, air jordan track suits and his graduation fees, dibella said."," isabello told the victim her clothes looked like they were ripped apart while he punched her in her face, dragged her to a door near her apartment and forced the woman to perform oral sex.",2.897436
"the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa `started applauding and cheering 'when his vessel was entirely submerged, according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. crew aboard sea shepherd vessel bob barker, which had been pursuing the ruined vessel named thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in antarctic waters, found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded.` what was incredibly strange was that the captain of the thunder, when the vessel did actually sink, started applauding and cheering, which i took to be very unusual behaviour and further evidence that he deliberately sank his own vessel,' captain peter hammarstedt told fairfax media."," A witness, Daniel Dziedzhiwa from the African wildlife rehabilitation center, also said the captain 'reacted like a hero' following his rescue of the missing crew members.",3.578947
"a san diego man who operated a `revenge porn 'website and then charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information was sentenced friday to 18 years in state prison, the attorney general's office said. kevin bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states."," prosecutors said the website, a man named Kevin, had been a poster child on the internet.",3.368421
"men do almost twice the amount of housework after they retire - but they are still doing far less than their wives, according to new research. the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired."," In comparison women took in around half as much as their husbands, and also did more days of work in retirement than they did in their careers, the study found"".",3.090909
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. it celebrates the completion of christ's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection. by dying on good friday, christ atoned for the sins of others; by rising from the grave on sunday, christ conquered death."," it's a pretty heavy lifting job but it's a beautiful thing to witness and for a small community in the south east, cn has its own unique traditions in christians.",3.555556
"famous italian designers like fendi, gucci and prada may be toted by celebrities such as rihanna, kate moss and katy perry, but few are probably aware of the history behind the brands they wear. a new book has now archived the changing face of italian fashion, from the post-war years to the 21st century. italian glamour: the essence of italian fashion, from the postwar years to the present day, captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images."," the book shows that despite the boom in designer and clothing brands, the most distinctive image from the era has been a traditional Italian lady with a white dress, as opposed the contemporary Italian style with the black dress.",3.238095
"some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar, dentist dr sameer patel warns. a busy working week can take its toll on our lives, leaving little time to plan our meals. from breakfast at the desk to the mid-afternoon slump, the temptation to take short cuts and grab the nearest pick me up is too much to resist."," when you think about it, it doesn't really matter if you've been paying attention to how your foods look or feel.",3.120000
"australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his `inappropriate and disrespectful 'anzac day tweets. mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter yesterday, calling it` the cultification of an imperialist invasion,' and accusing australian diggers of committing war crimes which included `widespread rape and theft. 'in a joint statement, sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport, ken shipp said mcintyre's` highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable."," scotter mccain, who also works at the national broadcaster said that after reviewing the comments, they will have to take a different approach.",3.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the next time you fly to see grandma in florida, look down. the next time you take the kids on a pilgrimage to see the talking mouse or head down to south beach for some sun/sin, get a window seat and spend the moments before landing contemplating the seemingly endless swamp below. because there are few places that represent the folly of man -- and the cost of redemption -- like the everglades.","  in that land we live on, the last two hundred fifty years were a series not of great triumphal days, yet glorious victories.",4.068966
"irbil, iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- isis claimed it controlled part of iraq's largest oil refinery sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday. by sunday, isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control."," IRAQI POLARISTS SAY ISIS REPRESENTS ALIEN Peshmargi, the largest city in western Ninevalh is known for its rich history from its Roman, Arab and medieval times.",3.456522
"professor stephen hawking: world-renowned physicist, best-selling author - and now he's shown off his musical talents as well. one of the world's greatest scientists has covered monty python's classic galaxy song, taking listeners on a journey out of the milky way. the author of a brief history of time can be seen in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair, while the footage is interspersed with scenes of the monty python live shows."," he has a new album coming up, entitled space opera, that has been mixed and mixed with tracks.",3.714286
"when it comes to the coachella festival, a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles, outlandish headgear and plenty of skin - and 2015 has been no exception. but as the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in indio, california, some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful. from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos, could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet?"," so far, only one image - possibly showing a dude from the r/thefappens subreddit, has made it onto the internet to be seen as definitive proof that everyone's looking at you with envy and wonderment.",3.555556
"the woman falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo has been snapped cutting lines of a suspicious-looking white powder. sarah watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender at a christmas party for the team. but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort # 100,000 from the footballer."," she said it was just a joke and was devastated when news of the hoax broke on twitter.",3.000000
"two teenage girls were savagely beaten by a crowd of people, including parents and other adults, in a new jersey park as onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue. destiny cooke, 16, and lajahia cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob, who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in trenton. lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl's mother threw a rock at her ear, leaving a gash that required 12 stitches."," ""I'm a little bit embarrassed, but I didn't want anyone at home to see,"" lajahie cooke said.",2.481481
"nineteen people needed medical treatment and hundreds of firefighters deployed to fight a huge blaze at a chinese chemical plant that produces a toxic chemical. authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment following the blast at goure px plant in zhangzhou, fujian province -- the second explosion to hit the factory in 20 months. hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area after the blast on monday night, while 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze."," a senior provincial state government official told reporters that the plant has since begun operations again but some factories may still have to temporarily close due not having an adequate fire detection system.",3.911765
"a series of images showing the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the ebola virus as it tore through west african communities has taken the top prize at the world's largest international photography competition. american john moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease. the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night, where mr moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes."," the award shows a growing concern about the scale and effects as a result from ebola, with more deaths predicted this year than in all previous outbreaks.",3.100000
"between the sugar-free devotees and the paleo health nuts sprouting advice in forums and on blogs, there are a lot of confusing messages surrounding what foods are best and most for nourishing children. in an exclusive interview with daily mail australia, uk children's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book `bubba yum yum - the paleo way ', calling it dangerous, and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.` babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does,' karmel, 51, said.","`It should be milk, not water, because the minerals that are missing from bone-in bone broth are found in the breast milk, not in the bones in it,' she said.",2.763158
"the irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has avoided jail. barry lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick. patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3."," the incident sparked riots and led to thousands of demonstrators demonstrating in the capital.",3.200000
"there won't be many who can guess which barclays premier league player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend. eden hazard? well, he was brilliant but no."," the fact that he was brilliant is irrelevant.",2.444444
"designer lilly pulitzer's family learned that it's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the `pink sunday 'rush for the late ms pulitzer's eponymous brand's brightly-colored, limited edition collaboration at target. the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning. lilly leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm."," she went to the local hardware station (they're all over downtown) and asked to order a pair of matching shorts and shoes, only to discover they'd be made out to look just like lillie's shoes (and the rest will be dyed blue).",3.692308
"an 18-year-old man has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts following saturday morning's counter-terror police raids, in which police seized a number of knives and swords. sevdet besim, from hallam in melbourne's south-east, was charged with `conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the melbourne magistrates court. he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24."," he will appear in police court on August 3 in relation with those matters.",3.466667
"a seven-year-old girl was subjected to months of violent punishment by her `strict 'churchgoing aunt before a` vicious and sustained' beating finally killed her, a court heard today. shanay walker's death was the culmination of `repeated acts of cruelty 'at the hands of seventh-day adventist kay-ann morris that included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush, a jury was told. the youngster, who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death, was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood, nottingham, last july."," the hearing took place before jury retired after being told that the youngster was dead.",3.750000
"antonio conte insisted his return to turin for italy's 1-1 draw against england prompted `very fond memories', despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. former juventus manager conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august after the azzurri's world cup group-stage exit last summer, but his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy. italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against bulgaria last saturday and conte reportedly received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier."," but conte admits he didn't realise any of the concerns before arriving in Turin.",3.111111
"an unemployed woman has her heart set on a `fairy-tale church wedding '- and believes the taxpayer should foot the bill as it is her basic human right to be a bride. anna broom, of gillingham, in kent, has not worked since the age of 19, during which time she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits. the jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream` traditional english wedding and party in a castle'."," a number of people have offered their congratulations, including a former minister who has made an extra 5 quatloors of a donation to the wedding venue  Mrs broom said that she had been given a letter of encouragement by former Labour party MSP John Lambs on the basis she should make a donation to her wedding and that he had been particularly encouraging to hear of her struggles.",3.792208
"a lion had an unfortunate accident when it got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the netherlands. captured by a visitor to the dierenrijk zoo, the lion can be seen inserting its head into the barrel and attempting to retrieve a piece of meat. zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild."," the visitors, however fail to recognize the obvious threat the lions posed to their species and try to remove it.",3.363636
"england test captain alastair cook feared jonathan trott's international career was over 18 months ago, but feels he is now ready to face the `pressure cooker 'once again. trott dramatically left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a` stress-related condition' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety. cook was concerned that would be the end of his three lions days but has watched the 33-year-old rebuild his career with typical focus and determination, first with warwickshire then during a productive winter tour with england lions."," in the first round of his return the Lions lost in the last six days but Cook said: ""He's certainly got a really good personality and we've played him all over again and it's not been the best of nights.",3.652174
"liverpool just edged past blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th cup semi-final in the anfield club's illustrious history. philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games but blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time. sportsmail's oliver todd rated the player's performances at ewood park."," perez le dossett had no problem scoring the final goal for mliverpool but not for the other two sides as he conceded five goals and was involved once more in clashes in the opening stages.",3.880952
"hundreds of children were admitted to hospital last year after being born brain damaged following exposure to alcohol in the womb, alarming new figures have revealed. in total, 272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months, according to data from the official health and social care information centre. but the actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater, experts have warned."," alcohol was implicated as a factor causing the serious damage to babies' brains caused when they were born through pregnancies through alcohol-prevention techniques.",3.142857
"lewis hamilton has conceded to feeling more powerful now than at any stage in his f1 career. it is an ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix, been on pole at the last four, and who already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings. it is no wonder after winning in bahrain, when hamilton stepped out of his mercedes, he immediately stood on top of it and pretended to smack an imaginary baseball out of the circuit."," no big deal, he thought – he is so into winning.",4.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- gastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship celebrity infinity, according to a report from the centers for disease control. of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms, the cdc said. the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew."," the ship was en route from Hawaii to Singapore Wednesday when it began experiencing electrical outages.",3.111111
"the queen and princess margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the queen mother's 90th birthday in august 1990. pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance which was recorded on a cassette tape. the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time, which were incredibly popular when the queen and her sister were growing up."," ""the queen made us do it - her sister made me and her,"" laurie laughs.",3.761905
"when a man arrived at a hospital in india complaining of a stomach ache, doctors suspected it might be a run-of-the-mill case of food poisoning or an ulcer. however they were amazed to find the man had actually swallowed hundreds of coins and nails. over a three year period rajpal singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries."," what made his case more unusual was that he had not been seen by either health authorities nor anyone else.",3.476190
"a russian-ukrainian film about a legendary soviet sniper nicknamed `lady death 'is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis that has turned the former allies against each other. titled` battle for sevastopol' in russia but `indestructible 'across the border in ukraine, the movie -- about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops -- is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived. and despite the freeze in ties between the former soviet nations that has seen ukraine ban a slew of modern russian films, the $5million -lrb- # 3m -rrb- movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both moscow and kiev."," but its success could have a real-world effect on russia with its international success.",3.555556
"although hillary clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million twitter followers, not even a vast right-wing conspiracy would be able to interact with 2 million of them. according to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of her twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform."," The first measurement by data company StatCounter suggests that more people are actually using social media platforms to connect with their friends and followers – this number has soared with increased interest in political discussion.",3.578947
"leigh griffiths sure knows how to finish. and, in passing, how to make a point. left on the bench for wednesday night's home clash with kilmarnock, perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting xi for sunday's scottish cup semi-final against inverness, the celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory."," it was quite an afternoon for the forward, who came into the match having completed 30 of his 30 appearances in all of this season, setting yet another new Premier Division goal total in his debut campaign.",3.400000
"deep in rural south africa, a terrifying white supremacist movement is brainwashing teenagers to rise up in defiance of nelson mandela's hard-fought dream of a rainbow nation. the far-right afrikaner resistance movement -lrb- awb -rrb- is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state. by day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from `the millions of blacks trying to kill you '."," by nightfall, young people are taken to camps or barracks where it becomes an obsession: their fathers are beaten in the camp's bathrooms, they sleep naked in the jungle and in dark camps during the day, and they are taken and trained by trained killers like the `ghetto liger� who terrorises their lives.",3.830769
"testimony got under way tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012. shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12, 2012, of 29-year-old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights, ohio. hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her, but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten `the nose job he wanted."," she said she didn t want the nose to hurt' when she shot poston in self-defence, her lawyer stated in testimony.",2.714286
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- after a weekend shipwreck off the coast of italy that may have killed hundreds of migrants, the international organization for migrants said monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters. authorities still don't know the fate of many of the passengers, including children, who were on the large ship bound from libya to europe that capsized saturday night in the frigid waters of the mediterranean sea. that sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages."," the dead include a group of about 200 young people from Libya and Tunisia who reportedly drowned during a violent storm on Saturday, the rescue operations are still ongoing and rescue efforts for more migrants on the other two boats are also ongoing.",3.000000
"louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men, using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. the united boss said: `it was of course an error from me that i give too much minutes to my substitutes. it is not so wise."," they could have won the game against Chelsea.",3.222222
"rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: `it's only fair that men should have it all. 'the clip, which was created by the make it fair project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood, which means that, more often than not, males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry's most important positions.` we won't relent'til it's 100 per cent,' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa."," 'We are men and you are women but we're equal because it's not everyday that you step on a computer and start making your own porn.'",3.483871
"in the ancient inca kingdom, the wheel was yet to be invented, iron was foreign and steel was unheard of. so when the incas needed to travel across the andes, they did so on handwoven rope bridges, stretched over gorges and rivers. five hundred years later, just one of the inca rope bridges remains: the keshwa chaca, which spans the apurimac river near huinchiri, peru, in the province of canas."," the bridge is a testament (not only for the beauty but the longevity of the bridge) – but also to a particular era of the Incan civilization.",3.322581
"a trucker has been caught on camera launching an extraordinary foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after a crash along the m6. in footage shot from a dashboard camera on sunday, the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. eventually the car towing the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road - believed to be junction 8 with the m5, near birmingham."," the accident report states it caused major damage.",4.222222
"when tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships today she might have been hoping to steal a little of the limelight from the prime minister. however, the businesswoman and apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty, helping mr cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak, before sitting politely with it on the sidelines. baroness brady, who is also the government's small business ambassador, was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark, nottinghamshire, to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people."," ""I'm delighted to have the opportunity to attend the unveiling on the 15th.",3.176471
"rampant lazio carry an eight-game winning streak in serie a into saturday's match at league leaders juventus. the biancoceleste, who have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six italian league games, will attempt to solidify their grip on second place. a victory would leave them nine points behind juve with seven games remaining."," - The two top teams on the right side of the league are looking for goals as soon this week's game against sampdoria.",3.586207
"an amorous italian couple have been fined # 9,000 for having such noisy sex that it forced their neighbours to move out. the pair, who are in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the `raucous screams' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in the northern town of san martino. their long-suffering neighbours, who first took them to court in 2009, described the wails of passion as` deafening 'and said it kept them and their two children awake.","  the couple were told on Wednesday that if the court decided not to fine them, that they will be given `a year of counseling' and they will not be allowed to be back in the apartment.",3.048780
"on february 14, 1998, new kid on the block michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough. doing so on the most romantic day of the year was fitting for the division's newest heartthrob. the expectation surrounding owen escalated, and the intro for the next day's report in the liverpool echo said it all: `brazil have ronaldo."," jordan has giovanni and the last four games have shown we have talent and we are ready for the league.'",3.416667
"after years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences, watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground. steeped in human misery, these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews, gypsies, homosexuals, nazi opponents and the disabled, sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime. diarist anne frank, and her sister margot, also died here."," the only way they could escape is to flee to a foreign country to find asylum as it has never happened in hundreds of years.",3.269231
"west ham are discussing a deal for jamaican starlet deshane beckford after he impressed on trial. the skilful 17-year-old forward from montego bay united was invited to train with west ham's academy earlier this month and has impressed coaches after spending two weeks with the club. beckford also has offers from clubs in belgium."," ""we are aware of deshalbe beckfors interest"" west Ham sporting director Steve Clarke said.",3.136364
"last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show's latest addition. within ten minutes of tomorrow night's episode, fans will see aidan turner's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. as sunday night's latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman -- but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market."," not to say that there's nothing left to find in the corn-corn land, as there's been plenty to be found by any means necessary.",3.033333
"whether it is through sir bradley wiggins, geraint thomas or ian stannard, ireland's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling's monuments. with the two major cobbled classics - the tour of flanders and paris-roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends, it is time to see the early results of sir dave brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the spring classics in his second five-year plan for team sky. with wiggins electing to sign off his team sky career with an appearance at paris-roubaix on april 12, the races are bound to be a big part of the team's season whatever the outcome.","  on aprila 11 (bradley will be the only man in the team sky squad for today's big ride), a long road race takes us from the Alps.",3.861111
"lix bussey, 23, from durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in mexico with her boyfriend. a young primary school teacher has died after she was run down buy a car at the end of a mexican holiday when just hours earlier she had texted she was having `best time ever '. the family of alix bussey, 23, said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left devastated by her death."," busseay was just over the age of 24 and she had worked as a full- time school teacher at Walthamstow Primary school in south London.",3.030303
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems. the cockpit is our ""safe"" place. the flight deck is a structured world of black and white."," -nn- our pilots have good communication skills, they have learned from experiences and will keep it safe.",4.190476
"jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against chelsea, even after taking a huge step towards the barclays premier league title on saturday. eden hazard's first-half goal gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over manchester united, but there was controversy when united were denied a late penalty. ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill but referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived."," the u21s will meet a difficult schedule with games against swinden at santa keeper and daventry, and at home against rondon after their recent 2-0 success.",3.710526
"the new honda civic which the japanese car firm's uk factory in swindon will be exporting to the world -- including japan and the usa -- was unveiled in america tonight. the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show. it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic, supported by a new # 200million investment."," the new civic is now in production.",2.750000
"a married maths teacher at max clifford's old school is facing jail for groping a 15-year-old pupil in his car. paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a `serious' breach of his position of trust at rydens school in hersham, surrey. guildford crown court heard the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car."," paul shorter told the girl before class that she was ""a girl you would like"" and that ""you are not a problem"", court said on Monday.",3.250000
"when president obama met usain bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark `lightning pose '. during the encounter on thursday, obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying` nobody's ever been faster than this guy. ever... of all the billions of people."," you will soon see what we mean...",4.375000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- april 27 is celebrated as freedom day in south africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994 election which saw nelson mandela elected as president. the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid, a system of racial segregation implemented by the white-minority government in south africa for decades. this year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in april in which a number of people lost their lives."," the violence may also stem from a recent wave of violent riots which took the lives the bodies.",3.736842
"chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london, according to undercover police teams. gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings, according to the plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area. in one example metropolitan police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas."," one young woman was filmed on CCTV telling the woman at a bus stop on Mayfair that, ""in order to get cash out, you have got have got your finger in one purse, take my purse and you're done.",3.521739
"a white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives, he told the court during his first appearance on tuesday. `doing time's the easy part, you know what i'm saying? 'kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach, florida."," `` I am glad i did nothing to make the guy regret his act,'' he said.",3.611111
"cancer-stricken basketball player lauren hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5 million. lauren, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor."," She has no insurance and her car is in a parking lot at a hospital so she can't drive up to them, but her friends and family continue to help out.",3.029412
"a new video that shows homeless people reading out cruel tweets that have been written about them is guaranteed to form a lump in your throat. the clip, which was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans, is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough. many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'i hate the homeless, i don't feel sorry for you,' and 'i saw a homeless girl across the street."," she had a big smile on her face.",1.777778
"sexy lingerie brand frederick's of hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations, now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with victoria's secret. the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations, with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online, the los angeles times reported on thursday. `we no longer have store locations, 'reads the brand's website, which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products."," the company also announced plans to retire the famous brick & morte storefront at 1250 Hollywood Blvd.",3.300000
"a former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink. rugby prop dale forrest, 26, of bolton, would sink up to 12 pints a night, but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends. in december 2013, the bank teller decided to ditch the booze, give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym."," he made a full-time effort and cut back on his meals by 50 per 100g – to 30 a day, and then a further 20 a year to 50 per 100 g.",3.540541
"it's a sport with a truly global reach as these images of children, amateurs and professional stars playing cricket show. the stunning shots make up the short-list for the wisden -- mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014, which was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis. his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia's james faulkner during last year's icc world twenty20 competition in bangladesh."," the photo also looks poised to be selected in a prize draw for the best picture of the year.",3.150000
"this is the photograph circulating on social media site snapchat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school. the picture, taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college, south-west of melbourne, is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. in the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen."," it is understood that the principal was in possession the photographs over the last few days at other staff members' homes as he was 'bouncing for a laugh and joking around' while on holiday in the Bahamas, which has become an unlikely destination for an official at an elite children's institution in the south west.",3.596774
"they say a moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips. and now we reveal the true cost of indulging this easter. just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar."," Here's how to eat your first egg: 1) mix 1 stick of butter into a small bowl.",3.000000
"a young irish rugby star escaped serious injury when his home was targeted by a gunman who fired multiple bullets through his windows. adam mcburney, who has been capped for the ireland under-20s and recently played in their six nations campaign, was not at his home in cromkill in county antrim, northern ireland when it was targeted on easter sunday. shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property, after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls."," their neighbor said they heard an alarm from a kitchen window, as the gunman then started a fire in the house.",3.826087
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- president barack obama says he is ""absolutely committed to making sure"" israel maintains a military advantage over iran. his comments to the new york times, published on sunday, come amid criticism from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of the deal that the united states and five other world powers struck with iran. tehran agreed to halt the country's nuclear ambitions, and in exchange, western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the iran's economy."," netanyahu told his paper his administration had ""nothing"" against the agreement and would remain committed ""to continuing to cooperate closely and to expand our cooperation to the benefit of both countries.""",3.138889
"an italian woman accused of carrying out acid attacks on her ex-boyfriends was desperate to `purge 'her previous relationships, a milan court heard. martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher, 30, planned to throw` corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to even if just by a kiss, it was claimed. the 23-year-old, who was reportedly a student at milan's private bocconi university, also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in may 2014, prosecutors alleged."," court documents revealed that Levito and the ex-beefcake's alleged accomplices planned to 'kill' and 'mutile` both the boyfriends' relationships to her own satisfaction.",3.657895
"us aviation authorities have launched an investigation to find out whether a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a neighbourhood in a pennsylvania town. several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning. residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead, and have complained to the federal aviation administration -lrb- faa -rrb-."," I have no doubt that this aircraft (possibly military or commercial flight) was going to drop some bomb on this community.",3.600000
"the family of a charity worker who drowned while volunteering to help youngsters in one of south africa's poorest townships have paid tribute to their `bubbly tomboy '. summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in december near kenton-on-sea, a small town on the country's south-eastern coast. miss robertson was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group, at a remote camping resort."," 'Summer had always been a bubbie,' her brother Stephen said.",3.214286
"hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house: the nation's largest lesbian political action committee. the group, lpac, launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. lesbians4hillary, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king, said: `hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community."," I'm honored, even more so, to announce she will be on the committee.""",3.529412
"a sydney teenage girl last seen leaving for school 40 years ago probably ran away and may still be alive, a coronial inquest has found. marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney in early april 1975 after telling a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus. the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared, magistrate sharon freund said in findings handed down on thursday."," Ms Carole ree had an active social and mental life but had been living away from friends and relatives since leaving home for two weeks.",3.571429
"unsurprisingly, the champions league and europa league draws have dominated the headlines on the continent - especially in spain and italy who make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both european competitions. in italy, juventus' semi-final with real madrid has been likened to a pair of films with tuttosport comparing the clash to `star wars' complete with cristiano ronaldo and mauro icardi brandishing lightsabers, while corriere dello sport confidently claim it's` mission possible '. la gazetta dello sport are equally bold in their conviction that the old lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won, which seems to pin hopes on former manchester city striker carlos tevez."," and the german press are not content with merely suggesting a two-goal thriller - their own reporter has even suggested a game on Saturday , which could potentially see the greek side pull out a win by more or just two at the most.",3.693878
"mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday, accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh. `everyone saw what happened during the bangladesh-india match... india has influenced the outcome of the match using its position -lrb- in the icc -rrb-, 'kamal, a bangladeshi, said at the airport on his return from the tournament in australia.` from now on, i am a former president of the icc."," he says that india, in some ways, should not be blamed for every bad thing in this World Cup, saying, indian cricket was not even a strong competitor in cricket's world cup but India's performance was only one of many positive aspects.",3.647059
"sian harkin, 54, gave # 30,000 to a builder using the school chequebook claiming the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, when the work was actually carried out at her home. a headteacher who secretly tried to use a school chequebook to pay for thousands of pounds worth of work to be carried out at her family home has been jailed. married mother-of-two sian harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling # 30,000 to her builder claiming the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, wales."," a headmaster tried to use a cheque for a building which should not even be there and it was never carried along.",3.240000
"andre blackman hides his face outside hammersmith magistrates court. a former celtic star tried to dodge performing unpaid work for shoplifting from harrods - after claiming it would disrupt his search for a new club. andre blackman, 24, who now plays for doomed championship side blackpool fc, stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge."," blackman claims the jacket was bought just days before he went into mourning for friends killed in his childhood home attack.",3.695652
"as jeremy clarkson continues to battle to save his career after being sacked form top gear, his estranged wife has been enjoying a family break in the caribbean. frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxed on a beach in barbados. the 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter in the skimpy swimsuit, which was covered in a black palm tree print."," The married couple shared a laugh during their weekend trip, which took in the beaches of Florida and Saint Eustice, Saint Lucia.",3.296296
"it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents, when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror, that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england."," it will forever be remembered in the annals of the historic season.",3.000000
"restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. an australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full `dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'. in a scathing article, long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed."," describing the state as `an evil and hell-filled, but highly profitable and happy society whose people live in a state resembling a high quality prison in which one can see how they can live comfortably'.",4.200000
"the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former gov. john kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business. the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff."," according the archive:The relationship between hayes, who worked with the governor from 2005 to 2009 as an assistant secretary of labor under kachalski before joining the Clinton administration, started from their work as interns at the Kossak Group, a New Jersey consulting firm headed up by the wife-to-the-starved kachalski, who was later revealed in 2007 to have been a partner at the law office represented in the case by Michael Milken, who has ties to hedge fund king of china.",3.216981
"franck ribery has dismissed reports linking wolfsburg forward kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the former france international or his team-mate arjen robben. de bruyne, who spent his two years at chelsea largely on loan before joining the second-placed bundesliga club, has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 -- seven more than the next best. but ribery says despite his impressive form the 23-year-old belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under pep guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the holland winger.","  ""he was like a ball to ball player in a team with me and arjen robben as our attacking players,"" said ribrand.",3.451613
"john carver says he would walk away from newcastle united if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment. supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs in protest at mike ashley's running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition. newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies and, in the wake of sunday 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland, the owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism."," ashley is facing a £14m takeover bid by newcastle but the prospect of selling for more than £1 per person has triggered a surge with thousands of supporters vie for tickets.",3.368421
"mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities, according to a report in nation's restaurant news. but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.","                 The service charges are a response to complaints that delivery has been taking place with little regulation in New Mexico and beyond and the state's hospitality industry, a group which says delivery in particular is taking off.",3.772727
"cheesy slogans such as `reach for the stars' could be detrimental to pupils, it has been claimed. carl hendrick, head of learning and research at wellington college, berkshire, has attacked the` tidal wave of guff 'in classrooms. these `missives in mediocrity' often tell pupils to` live your dream 'and `you can do it' and` be all that you can be '."," `A common message being disseminated is that if anyone is not doing it, they are wrong ', said Mr hendrick.",3.192308
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- if you cared deeply about something, would you protest? make a sign? join a demonstration?"," be more organized, better disciplined or even die?",4.800000
"any parent will tell you that life is their child's party and they'll cry if they want to - especially if they are made to do something they don't feel inclined to. a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these `awful 'that things parents do to their children - such as giving them a bath -lrb- how dare they -rrb-, putting them in their high chair -lrb- so mean -rrb-, and even giving them cookies -lrb- what a truly evil thing to do -rrb-. # a ** holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction."," many parents even share pictures from their own private moments, using a clever hashtag to help their own party go on.",3.565217
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- a year after isis became a household name in america, using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al qaeda and its affiliates for jihadist adherents, u.s. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded."," At least 14,400 people have pleaded to join al Qaida, the Syrian rebel alliance that has been designated a foreign terrorism group by the government in exile.",3.093750
"justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been `furious' with him after a bungled first date. mrs miliband, 44, has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was` good looking 'and `unattached'. but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their` mutual friend '- understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders."," a friend of the couple` tells the Sunday Mirror..",3.454545
"new satellite images have revealed that china has constructed an airstrip on a stretch of disputed territory in the south china sea - and could be planning to build another. they reveal the country's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested fiery cross reef which the philippines, vietnam, malaysia, brunei and taiwan all claim. china's building activity in the spratly islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states whose leadership accused the country of bullying others with its `military muscle '."," it has also stoked tensions between China's neighbors and caused concern amongst humanrights watchdogs .",3.555556
"charged with four offences: sunderland footballer adam johnson arrives to answer bail at peterlee police station in county durham yesterday. an england footballer was yesterday charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. adam johnson, 27, who plays in the premier league for sunderland and has represented his country 12 times, faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted."," charges are to be passed on on to the investigating force.",3.500000
"st mirren skipper steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole. the scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at saints' renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on thursday. gary teale's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill when veteran thompson lost possession to mcginn and stumbled into two poles which were intended for the players to run through."," he went straight for one and hit the ground at a speed which was in direct violation on team rules, resulting in the injury which now affects his career.",3.612903
"this is the moment an unlucky man was gored between the legs by a rampaging bull after being knocked to the ground during a bullrunning celebration in spain. the unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal, trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars when the angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor. and despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns as he tried to scramble away."," As the man screamed and tried struggling to get back up to his legs, a pair in suits stepped out of their vehicles and ran over to help the man.",3.000000
"parma pulled off the biggest surprise of the season as the crisis-hit club beat runaway leaders juventus 1-0 in serie a, inflicting what was only the second defeat of the campaign for massimiliano allegri's side. jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark, while a string of fine saves from parma goalkeeper antonio mirante also helped roberto donadoni's side to a memorable win. parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season, but they has now strung a series of positive results together, with a 1-0 victory over udinese midweek and last weekend's 1-1 draw at inter milan."," The game began with an hour and thirty minutes of added-time on either end, as the parma faithful were in despair after they were taken to extra time by udalic, who was sent-off by referee David Pare's colleagues on Saturday as a penalty appeal resulted in a draw at home to uni, meaning they needed to travel to the city to collect an additional four points.",3.456790
"earlier this week, brazilian commuter nelson felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform. he proceeded to take a photo, and express his disapproval on facebook, after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours. in the picture, taken on a train platform in rio de janeiro, two women hug and gaze into each others' eyes, but the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes."," brazil is the most homogenous nation (and there is no racism), so there have never be incidents of people being racially profiled as if they simply happen to be wearing a bra in the world.",3.951220
"paul gascoigne's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london and had her phone which reportedly had private texts from the former england midfielder stolen. former model bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone. the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought back."," the bike-riders snatched her bag but left it outside as a possible ransom.",3.823529
"paul scholes has told raheem sterling to stay at liverpool and continue his development. sterling said on wednesday that he was not ready to sign a new # 100,000-a-week deal at liverpool and described links with arsenal as `quite flattering '. former manchester united midfielder scholes hailed sterling as a good player but says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club and not play."," rafael marques, a forward from seville, is being investigated by the Football Association over his alleged involvement at the club's training ground during matches in September and September last year, but has been cleared of any charges by police and the FA has not been appointed a lawyer.",3.192982
"apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus, but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. to address these issues, the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops.","  While the search is largely about computer related skills, a job posting for one developer with over five million users says that the new position will be based in Hong Kong.",3.800000
"google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped. most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. it was the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google inc."," CEO Eric Schmiel was awarded his sixth of six new nonexecutors in 2013, according of Forbes.",3.913043
"manager steve evans has revealed rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend. the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week as they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday after his youth loan had expired and the paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly. they have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate after the league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at `the earliest opportunity ', while also indicating that the club will be open to the` full range of punishments', which includes a potential points deduction."," the manager said:""there are a lot of factors that go in to why we haven´12 to be disqualified, but there are positives.",3.071429
"a four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local tv despite having bandaged wounds. jayden wingler of phoenix, arizona, was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. while on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.","  jason wingler of phx, (who has also been on TV recently discussing his struggle to find an apartment), had a lot to articulate on the injury and the recovery procedure.",3.282051
"an aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death. leonie granger, 25, targeted playboy mehmet hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london's west end. the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants."," , 25, targeted Playboys' Michael J.",3.545455
"roger federer spent less than one hour on court in his monte carlo opener with a 6-2, 6-1 win over jeremy chardy. federer, who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training, played his first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march. and he did not look rusty, hitting 19 winners to dispatch an opponent who beat him last year in rome."," federer has been recovering from torn rotator cuff tendinous discs since his latest bout and will need to play through this issue to return on March 8th against the danielle soslin.",3.625000
"former top gear host jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc's have i got news for you later this month. the tv personality was due to record the show, which he has hosted in the past, on april 23 to be broadcast the following day. the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a `fracas' at a hotel over dinner.","  fans went into hysterics when they discovered that jeremy was in trouble for being drunk at the time in August.",3.333333
"a man arrested by police investigating the disappearance and suspected murder of chef claudia lawrence has been released from bail. pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. north yorkshire police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation."," , it appears that, a number arrests have been taken by police following the disappearance of chef cl lawson, who vanished in September 2015.",3.032258
"a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video. jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend's father mark harris. the 23-year-old, who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing, is captured standing before her stretching his muscles."," the woman asks to hold him, but he says 'no'.",3.384615
"war veteran: arthur townsend, 92, supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates' court as he admitted criminal damage. a 92-year-old second world war veteran has avoided jail despite pouring paint stripper over a van owned by a female friend's son because of the way he treated her. arthur townsend, who lives in a care home in epping, essex, poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter, 96."," the vehicle was parked outside palston's local football club.",3.416667
"finding discounted flights tends to be hit or miss for most vacationers, but one savvy traveler has managed to plan out an entire two-month trip that will barely cost him a cent. scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights, stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service. all this for free."," ""It has literally been a month and I'm not even in a holiday plan and haven  of course a bit of stress about what is expected of me,"" he told the magazine.",3.769231
"the archbishop of canterbury -lrb- above -rrb- yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists - days after an attack in kenya killed 150 people. the archbishop of canterbury yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists. in the wake of the slaughter of christian students in kenya and the barbarity of islamic state militants, the most reverend justin welby said the dead were `martyrs'."," and said that violence must be used against extremists.",3.100000
"an independent panel of concussion experts formed by the football association will meet for the first time in may. the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer. head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013, with new rules introduced at the start of the current barclays premier league season stating a player suffering a head injury must leave the pitch and only be allowed to return if cleared by a club doctor."," in order for a head injuries case on-off, a patient's family must be consulted and a specialist must be consulted.",3.640000
"lionel messi is not the best player in the world, neither is cristiano ronaldo - that title belongs to paris saint-germain forward javier pastore, according to eric cantona. making a rare foray into discussing football matters, manchester united legend cantona delivered his surprising verdict that the argentine was the `most creative 'player in the world.` the best player in the world, the most exciting player in the world, is -lsb- javier -rsb- pastore from paris saint-germain,' said cantona, `why?"," because of his speed and ability, in fact he doesn't have much of an ego or self respect (not much to say of Ronaldo's), and the only reason he's so good at the game is because that's all anyone is concerned about.'",3.560000
"a labour frontbencher has expressed regret that the party can not `get rid 'of the trident nuclear deterrent. shadow welsh secretary owen smith said at a hustings event on wednesday:` we view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment. so our policy is that we will retain trident, we will maintain a continuous at-sea deterrent."," if we ever did take it off, we would be prepared to go to a full disarmament agreement with all nuclear states and do everything we can to make sure that if we were to have a conflict that they had the opportunity, if they were to have such a strong weapon and they went on trying to develop weapons like these that there would never again be a need for the use `to prevent a war`.",3.280488
"this is the moment a thief casually strolls up to a range rover and takes less than 30 seconds to break into the vehicle and drive it away in a car hacking theft. it shows how easy it is for the so-called hackers to bypass security systems using hand-held devices to steal cars without even using the owner's keys. the latest footage was captured by a cctv camera outside a home in woodford green, north london at 3.","40pm and was posted on youtube shortly after.",2.800000
"shannen hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in australia, not that she really considers them animals. the 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne, has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. but her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language."," - a little dog and a little cat, she says ""it just takes time to get this combination of size and behaviour to work for me, and I'm sure for many people it's a challenge.",3.261905
"randy lerner will attend aston villa's fa cup final against arsenal after missing the victory over liverpool at wembley because of a family bereavement. villa chief executive tom fox said the american owner was delighted by the 2-1 win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the atlantic. fox, who sacked paul lambert and hired tim sherwood, said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club."," villarion was relegated in 2007 but re-formed last year under fox and he is now back on course to achieve his ambitions of reaching Wembley in 2016 for the first time since 2000 but it remains unclear why the American has not already made it past the cup finals.",3.462963
"an amazing map revealed by nasa has shown where lightning occurs most on earth. the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. and the results show that the highest amounts of lightning flashes occur in the far eastern democratic republic of congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela.","  the map is called lightningmap but some people prefer the term lightningstrike.",3.000000
"chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time. the announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments. some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to `select 'the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren."," Taken aback, the scientists at the National Centre of Immunization of the Chinese Institutes of Microbiology (NCIC), told news site Xinhua that they changed the genes so that only mice have them, but they couldn´ t confirm with any certainty whether they were doing this or not, only that they decided to do so and not to inform the public or press at that time.",3.269231
"billionaire paul allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world's biggest plane. the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled `vulcan aerospace ', which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems. this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -lrb- 117 metres -rrb-."," The launch has not yet been approved by government, so the project is being kept in the early planning rounds at this stage.",3.520000
"eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch tvs at the opening of a new aldi store. the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in avlaston, derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning. more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut."," there were queues of people stretching across miles of the road outside the shop for their chance to win.",3.100000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- boston native mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed, deadline reported wednesday. wahlberg's film, to be titled ""patriots' day,"" is being produced by cbs films, which linked to the deadline article from its website. according to deadline, wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis, who retired after the attack in 2013."," wahlberg, along with co-star and fellow british actor Matt Damon, who wrote a musical about davis, will also star.",2.633333
"hillary clinton `whooped 'for joy at the birth of her granddaughter before she saw bill becoming tearful in the hospital waiting room, she has revealed. the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. in the new chapter, shared by the huffington post on friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans."," she continued that although she didn´te give up her ambition for the Whitehouse she still wanted to be involved in some way and that after she learned of the health crisis in the Philippines she gave it her full attention and effort.",3.152174
"a former democratic congressional aide who pleaded guilty last year to raping two women was spared jail time on friday because horrific disfiguring injuries he suffered in an unrelated 2013 acid attack. donny ray williams, who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee, slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. that same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say."," his rape came during a meeting of the subcommittee's staff on a conference flight in 2009, prosecutors say, where he told the woman he was feeling a headache.",3.406250
"it tells the story of coal miners in a tough working-class community in wales. and it seems the film pride was a little overwhelming for soft-hearted hampstead socialist ed miliband. the labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife justine watched a dvd of the 2014 movie starring bill nighy and imelda staunton."," this was because it was about the miners who have been exploited by the government, the way the miners in the movie are not made aware that if the government takes away their jobs then they'll be able to get a job.",3.066667
"prince andrew will not face court action in the us over claims he had sex with an under-age girl, after a florida judge ruled her claims must be struck out. virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew's friend jeffrey epstein, a convicted paedophile and sex offender. but last night judge kenneth marra ordered her claims that she was a `sex slave 'to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be` struck from the record'."," epstein, whose trial was scrapped before his arrest after allegations were made by virgin islander andrew will also face child sexual abuse allegations, which had threatened to cost him his job.",3.486486
"youtube star cassey ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video, highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips who accuse the trim and toned online icon of being everything from `too fat 'to` ugly' to `pudgy '. cassey's youtube channel, blogilates, has over two million subscribers, so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident's fitness videos still manage to get under her skin -- and have a much greater impact on her than any of the positive messages sent to her by her fans. but though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old's self-esteem, the workout pro is getting the last word with her latest video, the` perfect' body, which examines just whether conforming to society's standards is the key to happiness, while highlighting some of the cruel comments she has received from viewers of her youtube videos.","`I'm going for the gold,` she tells in the video, as she explains to herself the meaning behind the word`gold.'",3.214286
"after drawing praise for india's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen, minister of state for external affairs v.k singh, who is spearheading the rescue exercise, found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat.","  singh on Monday asked the media for its help in rescue missions.",3.000000
"this is the moment a terrified spring-breaker freaked out and begged for help - to escape from a harmless sea cow. the swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away. footage, taken with the help of a selfie-stick, starts by showing the girl's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature."," she eventually catches the seabirds in her feathered skirt as a huge predator emerges from the water and swims away.",3.360000
"siem de jong is targeting newcastle's home clash with swansea later this month for a return to senior action after an eight-month injury nightmare. the 26-year-old holland international midfielder played 45 minutes for the club's under-21s team on wednesday evening after competing his recovery from surgery to repair a collapsed lung. head coach john carver has hinted that de jong could even make the 18 for sunday's barclays premier league fixture against tottenham at st james' park, and while the dutchman has not ruled that out, his sights are set the swans' visit to tyneside on the following weekend."," a fixture this month will help him get the required rest to return to full fitness before that match.",3.500000
"a flaw in robots designed to perform surgery has been found that lets them be easily hacked, according to researchers. the experts were able to take control of a so-called telerobot during surgery by exploiting a simple programming trick. this enabled them to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation, making it impossible for the machines to carry out a procedure as directed."," the researchers, identified as Alexey Vasilev from the Russian Academy and Vladimir Borshnikov and Sergey Chemelevsky of the Russian Institute of Physiology, were awarded a Russian Science Academy Prize for Their achievement of this exploit.",3.229167
"with the premier league season entering its final stretch, focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from. here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june."," When it comes time to buy, the most important decision is typically made for a large sum of pounds.",3.500000
"a massachusetts police department was forced to pay a $500 bitcoin ransom to hackers who encrypted vital records on their computer network. tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files. the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer."," the malware encrypts the encrypted files, while the hacker or malware writers then create a new encryption program from the encrypted files, and then send the old program from the infected systems' web servers.",3.333333
"cristiano ronaldo didn't have too much joy with his trademark free-kicks during real madrid's victory over neighbours atletico this week - but it didn't stop him from showing his compassionate side. the portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece, but even the best in the business occasionally get it wrong. in the white-hot atmosphere of the santiago bernabeu prior to wednesday night's second-leg champions league quarter-final, when every minute of preparation is key, there was still time for ronaldo to display a small but heartfelt act of kindness.","  the red card sent to rónaro from a free kick in the 4th minute of the game gave the club's captain a clean sheet, but the lad's performance was even better in the second leg.",2.931818
"a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery attack in rome. andrew mogni, 20, from glen ellyn, illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january. he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on sunday."," ""a university of ian walsh has been killed in an apparent robbery attack"" of 3 of rome students in iowa and they were being assisted by a university of illi.",3.368421
"tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane with demolition beginning on the final opponent to the move, archway sheet metal works. spurs plan to open a new `world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time, and having secured the appropriate planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order, progress is being made. the north london club's neighbours, archway sheet metal works, fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development but having failed with an appeal earlier this year, their premises are beginning to be demolished."," it is hoped to have the final structure erected in the new stadium, to be called northlondonsquare, in mid 2015 or 2016.",3.100000
"two brothers who died after one of the boys shot the other then turned the gun on himself have been laid to rest in a joint funeral. kevin pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson, florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life. the injured brother, 16-year-old trevor, attended the boys' funeral at st."," john's cemetery in florsia yesterday and was buried at a nearby church.",2.500000
"west ham manager sam allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after marko arnautovic's 95th-minute equaliser saw the hammers drop points for the second game in a row. allardyce's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months but having already had two goals ruled out for offside, arnautovic eventually punished the fading hosts to earn a draw. aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park but after a strong start it was stoke who ended up dominating and they left with a deserved point."," tributes to the goalkeeper continued for the home side, with fellow struggled West ham boss sam allardyce admitting he was ""disappointed"" at his side's attitude and his side's struggles for goals this time round while jonathan boulton was also disappointed at his team's poor performance.",3.112903
"edwin `jock 'mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her. an army recruitment sergeant who is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her. edwin` jock' mee, who worked at the military base in croydon, south london, allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the army and locked the doors of the room they were in."," a woman who was 20 years his senior, told the Times that she was in bed at the time of her incident to avoid waking jockeymeed with the noises, although she and another woman went straight to the police on the basis of CCTV footage - her attacker has denied the allegation and the case has been left to the crown court.",3.500000
"all schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers, union officials have said. the `hospital waiting-room-style 'signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families. research from the nasuwt union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils."," : the demand from parent associations , the teachers union, the National Council for Teachers has recently asked the ministry` s education department to create signs warning kids of the consequences of swearing and physical violence that can spread to teachers and pupils.",3.723404
"it has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the uk. thousands of the 165ft towers line the land, spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat's cradle of high-voltage cables. but their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday -- complete with a pair of distinctive `earrings'.","  The tower was built by the London-based designer Andrew Lloyd Webbe in 1961, having spent months designing a version for the Royal Engineers' tower of Ebbws Vale in south-western London .",3.666667
"le manoir aux quat `saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject... nestled in the green rolling hills of the chilterns, le manoir is a striking building; a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles, and boasting tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria. it is beautiful - and it's impossible not to gawp. the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures -lrb- including a scarecrow based on blanc himself -rrb-, pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden - which supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs, salads and vegetables."," the kitchen itself is quite cozy with a massive countertop and woodburning heaters that add to its cozy environment; the windows reflect light and provide lovely views into the kitchen.",3.942857
"stornaway, scotland -lrb- cnn -rrb- huge military exercises are underway off and around britain's coast, but nato insists they are not a deliberate response to the russian military's increasingly brazen behavior. the british-led war games are code named joint warrior and the numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft. nato says the planning started long before russia began behaving as an adversary."," nato is keeping mum on details because doing otherwise could give false hope to the public to go along with war.",3.739130
"driving around in their mother's consular bmw in miami to shoot up homes and steal hordes of marijuana: this was the indulgent life of two wealthy teenage sons of a canadian diplomat. but the antics of 15-year-old marc and 17-year-old jean wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead. marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder."," johannic is looking into his own role in the robbery and suicide as both of those events are now being viewed like normal.",4.444444
"rangers boss stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their premiership return. the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship, with a one-point advantage over hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from queen of the south. finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions hearts would spare the ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs, with the teams finishing third and fourth facing off over two legs before taking on the second tier's runners-up."," ranger legend u20 team manager and team mate paul lacey agrees this was only a matter of minutes of pressure, having won in front-rower paul mccall's homeland side last Sunday .",4.418605
"disgruntled: marc macrae, who was election agent for the snp's westminster leader angus robertson, said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. a former snp aide claimed the party treated him `worse than a terrorist 'after his cancer diagnosis and has urged scots to vote tory. marc macrae, who was election agent for the snp's westminster leader angus robertson, said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him."," a retired snip officer who worked for the party said the snps treated him poorly after he revealed he was gay to a friend.",2.592593
"with its carefully controlled, stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans, the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring. but not if you are on nick clegg's tour, where the lib dem leader has boarded his bright yellow `fun bus' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities which today saw him try his hand at ten-pin bowling. aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives."," a little like a campaign advert for a new shampoo that has not yet launched in the States, and you can imagine how a lot people would be disappointed.",3.548387
"hashim amla is to join derbyshire next month for three natwest t20 blast and two lv = county championship matches. amla has been recruited to replace martin guptill after the new zealander was called up by his country for the test series against england. south africa test captain amla, 31, will begin his short stint with derbyshire in the division two championship fixture at home to northamptonshire on may 10."," amla will also play the first match against engarthen to open up the series against their county rivals.",3.181818
"an airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being `stung by bees'. lenny mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester, new hampshire on thursday. he told abc7:` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww.","` After several minutes of being dragged from his sleeping bag in a scooter he was left unassisted by an American flight attendant until his fellow passengers took matters in their own hand in case they should not stop flying.",4.093023
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- saturday's deadly earthquake in nepal was the ""big one"" experts were waiting for based on the region's history. earthquakes are a fact of life in the south asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, geologist and science journalist kate ravilious said. with the last major earthquake in 1934, the concern was not if, but when the next ""great"" earthquake would hit, said ravilious, author of the 2014 article, ""kathmandu's earthquake nightmare."," ""It should have taken more time to prepare for earthquakes here.",3.846154
"travelling with a pet can be a stressful and expensive ordeal, but delta air lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease when their pet is in the carrier below. the new pet gps system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time, from monitoring the temperature below, to whether their cage is upright or askew. the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp."," a project called TALI, which means the Life Intelligence is 'all-in-one' with a mobile application that lets travelers check their pets' vital stats at anytime with just a tap of the phone or digital camera.",3.456522
"raccoons are known for being excellent climbers. but one critter ran into a spot of bother when he went on a romp around the urban jungle this week. the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning."," the victim has life threatening cuts and bruises he is currently in stablebut a lot more needs do.",3.900000
"ed miliband will announce plans for first-time buyers to pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000. first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000 and have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government, ed miliband will say today. mr miliband will say labour's reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers -- saving them up to # 5,000 in tax.","  Mr Mulhaupt will say on Monday that the government is targeting the purchase price at no more than €60,800 for first family homes -- about half the rate expected by builders.",3.350000
"the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home. the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning."," the pair had been going through a divorce, but this latest find in her pocketbook was a reminder of their affection as well, his Facebook post says.",3.580645
"ferrari, who are ferrari? lewis hamilton sauntered to pole position for the malaysian grand prix, nearly one second ahead of sebastian vettel's third-fastest ferrari. that said, ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet provide a threat to hamilton's supremacy."," however this weekend's race could end up deciding anything.",3.818182
"england under 21 captain jack butland has revealed voting for team-mate harry kane as this season's pfa young player of the year and hopes the tottenham hotshot can help him emulate goalkeeping skipper iker casillas at the european championship in the czech republic this summer. butland joined his england manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael owen at st george's park on st george's day as around 35 local schoolchildren from the east midlands were put through their paces by fa skills coaches at england's plush headquarters. the 22-year-old stoke city goalkeeper is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european under 21 championship since dave sexton's team won the trophy in 1984 and kane is expected to be a big part of their team as they attempt to end 31 years of hurt."," butland was the youngest man to be named captain of england against ronald buckley at the club's home match and has also proved the youngest England player since sian markeloff in 2001, becoming just 21 years old when he was handed arsene Wenger at the start of the season just one week into his maiden season as manager.",3.436620
"this is the comical moment a delirious wisdom tooth patient refuses milkshake in fear that it could - in singer kelis' words - `bring all the boys to her yard '. faith myers, 14, from nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still` high' from the procedure's anesthesia. footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread."," the song she is heard saying in the end is 'the only one i want' (a reference not only to the 'milch' recipe in milking books but in the 'shake the shite' craic as well).",3.638298
"hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a melbourne lake. bol manyang, one, his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew's church in werribee on saturday morning. their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on april 8."," the church was packed during the mass that was given to the three boys a week before.",3.444444
"this is the moment two grinning conmen were caught on camera stealing an 80-year-old's savings from a cash machine after tricking him into handing over his bank cards and pin. the smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on march 17. the crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons."," before taking the money they had also taken the money off the ATM plate and hid the stolen cash under the card reader, only for it not to show up once the machine scanned the card  'the pair then appeared on television and handed him a £1,000 cheque from the machine so he couldn t have to pay for the bill, which he took from there' a furious bank spokesman told the Mirror .",3.392857
"loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general, becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official."," She has worked tirelessly to promote human dignity and respect and ensure the respect and safety for women.",3.789474
"a bitter fast food war has erupted in italy after a mcdonalds' advert, which claimed italian children preferred happy meals to pizza, caused so much offence chefs are now threatening legal action. restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the us corporation, the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world, for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court. the row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza."," McDonald's has responded with allegations that the advert was deliberately provocative to children and that they were being singled-out and insulted because of their ethnic background.",2.966667
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- marvel comics superhero hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. he's also got a secret super-talent at singing ed sheeran parodies. the ""avengers"" character -lrb- played by jeremy renner -rrb- was a guest on ""the tonight show starring jimmy fallon,"" where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills."," from the beginning of his comic- book days, he's been trying to impress his idol by making funny soundbites that sound like they are from movies, and that he loves to listen to.",3.200000
"an italian model who accused harvey weinstein of groping her breasts and putting his hand up her skirt attended the hollywood mogul's new broadway show just a day after his alleged attack. ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a `business meeting 'at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night. however, the very next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland, which weinstein is producing, from the lunt-fontanne theater and posted it on her instagram."," after the event, she said she took the ticket to her hotel to change her clothes.",3.055556
"could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier, lingering mysteriously behind this little girl? a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture, japan - `nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year."," the legend claims that this particular ghost has been known to travel to other areas of Japan.",3.055556
"a photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images. yaakov naumi's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. naumi, 32, who was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school, admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, `look strange '.","  'You know you're sitting on a grave.",3.500000
"ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old world war ii veteran, robert harding. carter and jack hanson, who live in raleigh, north carolina, met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston, where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before, cbs reported. it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about mr harding on their first trip to yorktown and the patriot's point museum."," they decided to take their friendship to an all-new realm as the boys became interested in how mrs hans's life and story could be shared with others.",3.151515
"manchester city are confident uefa's punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted this summer which would allow them to bid for stellar names like raheem sterling, gareth bale, kevin de bruyne and ross barkley. city boss manuel pellegrini has been hampered over the past year by uefa restricting them to a net transfer spend of # 49million in each window and keeping the club's overall wage bill to its current level of # 205million-a-year. uefa's settlement with city published in may stated those penalties would remain in place until the end of the 2015/16 season but the club's latest financial figures showed drastically-reduced losses of # 23million which they feel proves they are now compliant with fpp regulations."," City also made significant progress in their push for the FA Youth trophy as their latest figures showed they received £35million for playing their top eight clubs for a combined total transfer spend on the last 12/13/14.",3.522727
"louis jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast has responded to critics of his story by claiming that he avoided sunburn and blisters by staying in the vessel's cabin and that he survived by rationing food and water. louis lordan released a three-paragraph statement on monday in whcih he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray."," the man rescued from an disabled sailing vessel off the south miami coasts has responded by claiming he did so just in case.",2.520000
"a shocking video has emerged of isis thugs using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in iraq's unesco world heritage city of hatra. in the slickly produced seven minute footage, jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city. militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars, while eerie music plays in the background."," a video showing the attack has been viewed more than 6.",2.916667
"baggage handlers at miami international airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage. the miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft, and found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft's belly. this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.","3 billion dollars worth of bags having no tags to boot.",3.750000
"apology: clydesdale chief debbie crosbie whose rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman. a high street bank has been hit with a record # 21million fine after being caught falsifying documents to avoid compensating victims of mis-selling. now there are calls for criminal charges to be brought over an extraordinary cover-up lasting more than two years at clydesdale and yorkshire banks."," the scandal has rocked the economy of the country as well as the bank itself, with customers who had paid with debit cards are having their accounts frozen and deposits lost due to lack of funds.",3.078947
"the woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a bali resort has found the owner. queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday. the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: `darling joe, happy 70th birthday 2009, love jenny '."," her first thought was of the original wearer, robert nelson and she soon realised it was not from his wife, but from another local woman, hannah nelson.",3.542857
"sometimes walking in a straight line without tripping over with just two feet is enough of a challenge. so imagine the kind of coordination it would require if you had eight legs. now scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects."," This is a pretty common pattern, but octocorks keep their arms in one big group so they can't walk on two legs, even in a straight path.",3.542857
"jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. etan patz `is larger than his very little, important life, 'assistant district attorney joan illuzzi-orbon said in closing arguments at the manhattan murder trial of pedro hernandez. she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it."," juliala patz was described to joshuat.",3.928571
"robbie mcnamara is feeling `great and optimistic 'as he continues to recover from serious injuries suffered in a fall at wexford. the jockey was due to partner last year's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie's grand national at aintree, but suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day. mcnamara remains in the mater hospital in dublin and despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time to enjoy the sunshine on tuesday."," he will now continue to remain on crabbi's crabbies stable until at least this weekend but in the meantime we are hopeful he will be back in full training soon.",2.777778
"a prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine is spreading on social media. the video, filmed in moon park, odessa, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the `vampire girl 'preys on unsuspecting passers-by. the young girl dressed in a white, bloodstained nightgown, waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror."," she then proceeds to run around an adjacent park as bystanders flee into nearby streets.",3.687500
"a busy mum sits at a table surrounded by crayons, colouring in a child's book, taking care to stay within the printed lines and fully concentrating on the task. there's nothing unusual about that, you might think, except there's not a child in sight... and the mum is simply colouring in because she wants to. grown ups reaching for the crayons is a new global trend it seems, as adults say they're attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords."," a woman at the forefront argues passionately, in her trademark 'I'm just not interested in doing this because I'm an adult!",4.000000
"nine months after she suffered horrific injuries in a brutal attack, former porn star christy mack still has to wear a wig and glasses to look herself. with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib, mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8, 2014. it was the climax, she claims, of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver, known professionally as war machine."," in an extraordinary admission, macked tells of her life-threatening injuries at the time of battle and how he beat her up by throwing her on her back while she was handcuffed.",3.138889
"they say you should never judge a book by it's cover, and it couldn't be more true of the tough looking, full-bodied tattooed english model stephen james hendry. the 24-year-old, better known as simply stephen james, is now quickly becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry, and one of the first ever to be a full tattooed one at that. he has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt, has starred in numerous men's magazine shoots, and graced the runway at fashion weeks."," for the first part of this year alone, he made headlines with a photo featuring him sporting his trademark black tat of a tattoo on his lower body, and a new piece of clothing he's wearing, his signature white t-tail with the same message.",3.346154
"stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under david cameron's conservatives party, compared to just under nine per cent under labour. shares have performed nearly twice as well under conservative governments than under labour over the last 45 years, according to figures published today. stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories compared with just under 9 per cent under labour and just over 9 per cent under the current coalition.","  The Conservatives have had a stellar success rate when controlling the House.",3.333333
"a six-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted by a boy of the same age in the classroom and playground of her school. but officers are powerless to act over the allegations, at a school in blackburn, lancashire, because the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten, so charges can not be brought against the boy. the girl's mother has also blasted school authorities after officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class, saying they have made the girl feel `like she was in the wrong '."," the boy's solicitor says she is 'deep-taken with the way a group of officers at an east lancashires primary school have treated her'.",3.562500
"she shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke's steamy blurred lines video and landed a role in gone girl alongside industry heavyweights ben affleck and rosamind pike. ever since, emily ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves. a newly unveiled set of photographs show london-born emily, 23, showing off her enviable figure - so what's her secret?"," is she trying to hide something?",3.285714
"andy murray has shown nerves of steel on the tennis court, but the british no 1 appeared slightly overwhelmed by the occasion during his wedding rehearsal on friday. the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday and visited the cathedral to run through the service with friends, family and his fiancee. the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open."," - here is a full account by kristin taylor, who was there, - a special photo book from their wedding day, which shows the couple and the couple's new home, andy murray (far-Right) and his bride Kim (to left) with kyron jones when they attended the wedding ceremony at London Churchyard in August 2005.",3.558442
"this is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage. the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung -- claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china's sand bay. the clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs."," its bite appears to be so powerful that it has torn a hole in one cage and caused significant internal damage to its owner while another cage in the cage behind it was partially torn off.",3.054054
"ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in next month's general election. thorpe revealed during the england lions tour of south africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. but he goes on to admit that his ukip backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol and the former surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies, which are due to be published this week.","  kate kennedy with england ukips new policy to be published, kate has come forward saying it will allow kate to be elected in olympian race next month.",3.682927
"an alleged online sex offender accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states, including taking some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them. police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography."," the police have said the father of four has been accused of accessing the internet using aliases to contact his seven young friends, and having their nude photographs and videos of children uploaded onto his computer and shared with other people he knew online.",3.413043
"hundreds of police officers lined the roads to in a guard of honour for a hero policewoman who was killed by a bus seconds after pushing her daughter out of its path and saving her life. sergeant louise lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter olivia in swansea, south wales, when she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre. onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision."," She became unconscious, but miraculously survived by crawling onto the tram tracks with her daughter, who died in hospital two days later.",3.192308
"security will be beefed up for anzac day after five teenagers who were plotting an islamic state-inspired terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids. prime minister tony abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25. two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies."," authorities believe the group of youths plotted to carry out a pre-ordain attack in north Sydney.",3.500000
"jack wilshere says he is ready to return to the arsenal first team and play a part in their season-defining games after completing 90 minutes for the under 21 side on tuesday night. the england midfielder completed 90 minutes in arsenal's 4-1 win over stoke city as he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season. as he nears full fitness again, wilshere has set his sights on the fa cup semi-final with reading and the premier league clash with manchester united as he seeks to regain his place in arsene wenger's team."," james wilson's men will look to put away their neighbours at home on Thursday night with a crucial 1-1 away draw against hannover.",3.032258
"one of hollywood's most respected prs claimed that the oscars judges did not want to give 12 years a slave the best picture award because it was not patriotic enough to america. according to hacked sony emails, peggy siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light. she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be `sent around the world '."," she said that jim hugh jackson would not win because the people in our country were not patriotic and that jim mackinnon had no film to put on to win the award.",3.076923
"former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls `one of the most bizarre team talks i've ever experienced '. higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light. but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk."," ""he was trying to sell us to a rival club,"" says the defender.",3.187500
"this was as far away from the ashes cauldron as it is possible to be but a quiet day of run scoring against sub-standard opposition in picturesque basseterre at the start of england's caribbean tour meant everything to jonathan trott. it must have seemed to trott that he would never again bat for england when he suffered that brutal dismantling at the hands of mitchell johnson during england's ill-fated last ashes tour almost 18 months ago. yet here he was, recovered from the mental condition that forced his departure from australia and now certain of a new role opening the batting in the first test in antigua next week."," the rest of us, jonathan trott, must feel the need not to be too surprised when he finally makes his debut in the top four on the 18th October at home to vichy.",3.190476
"sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside a kfc in birmingham. a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after an 18-year-old was stabbed to death in a scuffle outside kfc. sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl which also left a 19-year-old in a critical condition."," The teenager, who cannot been named for security purposes in the case is believed to be on the run.",2.333333
"swansea city have revived their interest in blackburn rovers striker rudy gestede. manager garry monk has made a striker his priority for the summer and club scouts have checked on aleksandar mitrovic at anderlecht and obbi oulare from club brugge. an offer has been made to marseille's andre ayew also but he remains a target for bigger clubs too.","  barry dunne will start at centre-back when he returns to the fold but his absence means that a replacement appears unlikely.",3.464286
"just went you thought it was warm enough to go into the water... killer seals have been spotted off the british coast. on four separate occasions, grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. scroll down for video.","  hope you get a good sleep tonight.",2.727273
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- doing weird stuff to your body in the name of beauty isn't anything new. humans have been changing the shape of our skulls, inking ourselves up and sticking things through various protuberances since before we figured out how to write. but now we have twitter and facebook and hashtags, so these things seem to sweep around the world faster than a quick trip to the piercing joint."," -nnn -nnn- we just don't know how to feel if they're really bad, but at least now, we don.",3.344828
"health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last may."," They're calling the monster a pandora – something we've also read about.",4.625000
"lord janner escaped justice after the uk's top prosecutor over-ruled the advice of two of the country's most senior qcs, it emerged last night. director of public prosecutions alison saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the labour peer with historic sex crimes. both clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc, leading counsel to the investigation, offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute."," ""it seems clear that the advice given by al and darne did not take account of the advice of these two qcs with whom she worked,"" said Mr Justice Simon.",3.166667
"edwin `jock 'mee allegedly targeted young army cadets - including a woman who was 19 when he locked her in a room and raped her. an army recruitment sergeant who is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her. edwin` jock' mee, who worked at the military base in croydon, south london, allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the army and locked the doors of the room they were in."," the young woman said she was not allowed to leave when she was not dressed for the appointment.",2.789474
"ed miliband -lrb- pictured yesterday at the shree swaminarayan temple, north london -rrb- is pressing on with his controversial cap rents, despite warnings from experts that plans will backfire. labour's plans to impose rent controls are `economically illiterate 'and will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords, experts warned last night. ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts, business and even labour figures that they will backfire."," ed milband yesterday insisted his cap rules would prevent further eviction and improve the condition of existing buildings, even as he faced a barrage by critics who said it would create a 'permanent housing crisis''.",3.121951
"duhok, iraqi kurdistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- the children laugh and shriek, as some of them seem to always have the capacity to do no matter how depressing the circumstances. their bright clothes provide splashes of color against the otherwise drab monotone white of the endless rows of tents. a small group plays with rocks, replacements for the toys they left behind when they fled, while others clamber through a jagged tear in the wire fence surrounding the refugee camp."," in front of the tent, four boys with brown heads grow agitated and shout with intense anger at the border guards, which include an American.",3.964286
"per mertesacker looks set to be ruled out of arsenal's derby against chelsea although the defender has escaped any serious ankle ligament damage. mertesacker, captain during the long absence of mikel arteta, limped off during the second half of the fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley on saturday. there were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in german after he twisted the joint but subsequent scans have shown it is a minor sprain."," he will go under investigation until the weekend and may then be allowed to return before the tournament to allow enough rest.",4.000000
"david cameron today accused the bbc of peddling `b ******* 'after claiming his favourite sport was foxhunting. the tory leader hit back at presenter andrew marr, after being left baffled by questions during an interview on sunday. it came as mr cameron turned the clock back to ape john major's election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful, but ended up being heckled by someone claiming` the nhs is dying'."," cmon mr cameron` said that the tories wanted to make people forget he was Tory leader, not because he`re racist as he claimed.",3.750000
"police have launched a manhunt for a father suspected of gunning down his girlfriend while she was driving. andrew `drew 'butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose, california, in front of the couple's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter. police said gonzalez and butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off."," she died at the scene and he is on suicide risk watch.",3.384615
"while the debate about whether workers prefer a cubicle over an open office layout, a office furniture company has come up with a design that is possibly a happy medium. steelcase's the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community. on its company website, steelcase said the brody is designed to be `good for your body and good for your brain '."," the company's design for brodies is a combination of a 'sexy' office lounge (see pic above) that has a window on each wall and a cubicle design that has a window that looks out across the room (see photo above).",2.980000
