"it's been a good couple of weeks for ander herrera and juan mata, so you'd forgive the spanish duo for taking some time off to enjoy the manchester sunshine on wednesday. the pair have been in scintillating form in recent games with both bagging braces in manchester united's last two victories. mata was the two-goal hero during his side's 2-1 win against liverpool in may with his sensational volley on the hour mark proving the highlight of the anfield triumph."," no doubt louis van gaal will be hoping the pair continue their hot-streak against manuel pellegrini's men as they look to cement their place in next season's champions league.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ""jake the dog and finn the human. the fun will never end. adventure time."," turner broadcasting is a parent company of cnn.",0.000000
"sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the club's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the black cats until the outcome of his case has been decided. a club statement on friday morning read: `following yesterday's statement from durham constabulary, the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged, we will keep the matter under review."," johnson stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child, contrary to section 9 of the sexual offences act 2003.",0.000000
"a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery attack in rome. andrew mogni, 20, from glen ellyn, illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january. he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on sunday."," initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed.",0.000000
"real madrid and atletico will both be missing one player each in the second leg of their champions league quarter final next week. marcelo and mario suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon and due to accumulation of yellow cards will not be present during the return at the santiago bernabeu. neither player were happy with referee milorad mazic, both feeling that their challenges weren't strong enough to be punished with a card."," 'marcelo -lrb- right -rrb-, pictured complaining after being booked, will also miss the second leg at the bernabeu.",0.000000
"liverpool manager brendan rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at anfield despite successive morale-sapping defeats by rivals manchester united and arsenal. saturday's 4-1 defeat at the emirates left liverpool off the pace for the champions league places and it seems that wednesday's fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn now represents the merseyside club's best chance of making tangible progress this season. but speaking at melwood on monday morning, rodgers denied suggestions that a training-ground meeting on sunday was designed to quell dissent among his players."," liverpool will be without emre can on tuesday night after the german was sent off at the emirates.",0.000000
"an obsessive arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. marking her answers with red pen, she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, to which he commented, `well done saskia!"," 'she struggled to come up with the 11th player of the starting squad -lrb- koscielny, defence, apparently -rrb- and thought ozil was defence and wellbeck a midfielder, when in fact they are midfield and striker respectively.",0.000000
"two-time formula one world champion lewis hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men's health. the mercedes racer, who leads the drivers' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second, features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication. in an interview in the latest issue of the magazine, released on thursday april 2 the 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art."," 'the full interview appears in the may 2015 issue of men's health, on sale 2nd april.",0.000000
"david cameron, wearing notably clean new work boots, today set out seven key tory policies which he said would help get people on to the property ladder. a million people will be able to realise the dream of home ownership by 2020, david cameron claimed today as he donned hi-vis to tour a building site. the prime minister said seven key tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages."," with us, the dream of home ownership is alive.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony doerr's ""all the light we can not see,"" a novel centered on the world war ii bombing of st.-malo, france, and two characters on opposite sides of the war, won the pulitzer prize for fiction monday. doerr's novel had received rave reviews upon its release last spring."," the pulitzer prizes are administered by columbia university and are considered some of the most prestigious honors in journalism and literature.",0.000000
"it's enough to pay for a small home extension -- and if jennifer drew carries on like this, she might well need one. the mother-of-one has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. and she has now accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage."," mrs drew said that when she began shopping for the baby she would bring home bags` stuffed to the brim and neil would look on in horror '.",0.000000
"tony mccoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered jezki to a thumping victory in the grade one aintree hurdle. having been out of luck with his opening three rides -- the closest he got was third place in the betfred bowl on holywell -- mccoy broke his duck on the jessica harrington-trained gelding. his task was made a little more straightforward than it might have been, as arctic fire -- the favourite, ridden by ruby walsh -- took a crashing fall at the final flight when poised to challenge jezki."," jezki has been a model of consistency this winter and the retiring champion feels the gelding deserved this moment in the sun, as he beat rock on ruby by 13 lengths.",0.000000
"mothers across the globe have been left outraged by an alleged religious community that is criticizing moms for having cesarean sections instead of natural childbirths -- creating a series of insulting campaign images, or memes, that claim they `didn't really give birth '. the facebook page of the so-called disciples of the new dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes, expressing their disgust at the outrageous messages they express; the community, led by father patrick embry, is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame` lazy' and `negligent 'mothers who have elected to undergo c-sections.` face the facts: you didn't really give birth."," it should not be played down or slandered like this group has done.",0.000000
"counterterrorism agencies have arrested two suspected australian terrorists in turkey on thursday after they were caught trying to sneak into syria to join the islamic state. the daily telegraph reports that the two were found trying to use what has become a familiar potential route taken by australian jihadists going to the middle east. it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia."," officials could not confirm if and when they would be returned to australia.",0.000000
"one of suge knight's alleged victims claims the rap mogul growled `i'm going to kill you 'then` everything went black'. in his newly-released police interview obtained by tmz, cle `bone 'sloan tells officers knight uttered the threat then yanked on the gear stick. police say that was the moment before knight killed terry carter and tried to sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck."," knight was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation, but close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.",0.000000
"paris saint-germain face nice on saturday, hoping to take ligue 1's top spot from lyon but do so with a host of key stars missing, including captain thiago silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury. zlatan ibrahimovic, marco verratti and thiago motta all join silva on the sidelines for the trip to the mediterranean coast, while david luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem, although he is still set to start. silva was pictured nursing his problem at home ahead of the game, with a full diagnosis yet to be completed by psg's medical team."," `we must turn in up in championship mode.",0.000000
"a passenger flying from newcastle airport to gatwick was pulled aside at security after staff thought his pease pudding was semtex, a plastic explosive. the part-time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight, when airport staff discovered he had six # 1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding and north east delicacy in his hand luggage.","' when mailonline contacted a newcastle airport spokeswoman, she said they do not comment on security matters.",0.000000
"the man whose father married tippi hedren and who spent years living with melanie griffith as her stepbrother is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents, roar. they worked, and lived, with lions for the 11 years they made the film, and now, john marshall, son of director noel marshall who was married to hedren, is saying of his father's decision; `dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family. 'he then added;` it seemed like a really cool idea at the beginning, but it was dangerous."," `dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family, 'says james marshall -lrb- left with hedren -rrb- about making him and griffith -lrb- right -rrb- star in roar.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- pushed to his limits, a college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class. in an email to his students, irwin horwitz accused them of ""backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting."" the professor at the texas a&m university galveston campus expected his missive would create some conflict, but that it could then be resolved quickly -- and quietly."," ""the university is listening to concerns about this issue from students and faculty and will address them according to our policies.",0.000000
"the queen was today joined by her husband the duke of edinburgh as she met the canadian highlanders to mark the bravery of the country's servicemen and women in the first world war. her majesty, who looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress, was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square, central london. during the first world war commemorations, the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while prince philip sat for a portrait with the royal hamilton light infantry."," the queen paused for a moment as she entered canada house with her husband the duke of edinburgh.",0.000000
"the owner of a takeaway where pizza boxes were filled with mouse droppings and mouldy tomato puree was used as a topping has been fined nearly # 15,000. council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas at the mice-ridden pizza plus fried chicken business run by kunaratnam kunanatha, 36, in gillingham. kunanathan, of catford, london, admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations at medway magistrates' court."," more droppings: the business's owner kunaratnam kunanatha admitted two health and safety charges including a failure to maintain the electrical installation to prevent danger.",0.000000
"older workers are suffering dismal pay rises while those awarded to the youngest workers have gone up by nine times as much. the gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years, amid claims the over-50s are being left behind, official figures reveal. critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer by failing to train and promote them or give them decent annual pay rises.","4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs, compared to only 1.",0.000000
"england suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice `match 'here in st kitts when stuart broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor. broad had complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain, after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at warner park. the groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery broad slipped and went crashing to the ground, a blow which necessitated lengthy treatment before he left the field."," but the move backfired for trott who edged jimmy anderson to third slip off just the third ball of the day and departed for a duck to follow the 72 he made on his return to england colours on monday.",0.000000
"a benefits cheat who claimed he could barely walk while starring for his pub football team has avoided jail. raymond billam illegally pocketed # 15,000 of taxpayers' money after he said he was severely disabled due to back and knee problems. but fraud investigators secretly filmed the 40-year-old midfielder taking to the pitch for a sunday league team after being tipped-off about his fraudulent claims."," he initially made a legitimate claim and went from 13 to 18 and a half stones and had problems with drinking and gambling.",0.000000
"bruce jenner could be sued by the stepchildren of the woman who died in the pacific coast highway car crash earlier this year - despite the fact they had `virtually no relationship '. kim howe's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death. mrs howe was driving a white lexus, which jenner's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu, california, on february 7."," according to tmz, the two step-children are said to have `lawyered up ', because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit.",0.000000
"st etienne want to sign cardiff full-back kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal. the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million but has been on loan with st etienne this season."," st etienne defender kevin theophile-catherine shields the ball from psg forward zlatan ibrahimovic.",0.000000
"this is the shocking moment a pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana. todd phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone, who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel. dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping phillips' leg."," francesco dracone -lrb- 19 -rrb-, of italy, spins out on turn one during the indycar grand prix of louisiana auto race in avondale on sunday.",0.000000
"as inexperienced first-time parents we shower our baby with gifts and document their every milestone. but second children are left to rely on hand-me-downs, with around # 500 less spent on them in their first year of life. more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling."," first children have on average 14 cuddly toys by the age of six months, whereas the later child makes do with an average of eight.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- he was impressively polite and bright in the eyes of his boyhood teachers, an encourager of his college friends. he was a docile captured killer in the care of paramedics tending to his gunshot wounds. dzhokhar ""jahar"" tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the boston marathon bombings and murder of an mit police officer."," it made me feel really good, like somebody believed in me,"" she said.",0.000000
"bayer leverkusen defender emir spahic could face a lengthy ban after video footage emerged appearing to show him fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards after a defeat by bayern munich on wednesday night. spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury as bayer crashed out of the germany's dfb-pokal at the quarter-final stage, losing 5-3 on penalties after 120 goalless minutes at the bayarena. but amateur footage from after the game shows the bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch, where he had to be restrained by pitchside staff who were believed to have stopped his friends from walking between the stadium's west and east stands."," footage shows spahic seeming to throw his hands into the faces of some of the yellow-jacketed staff.",0.000000
"politicians are criss-crossing the country wooing voters ahead of the election in 27 days' time. but in more than half of seats the result is already known, according to new analysis of safe seats. more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted, because one party is so far ahead."," the tories need to win only 23 more seats to obtain a majority in the commons, while labour need 70.",0.000000
"catania, sicily -lrb- cnn -rrb- we are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight. perhaps that's incorrect. the migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily has been brewing for years, but in the past 10 days, with as many as 1,600 deaths in the mediterranean, suddenly minds are focused -- for now."," they had come to misrata from ghana, nigeria and elsewhere, hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to europe.",0.000000
"siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer. o'connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20. hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30."," our pool is open in bath after this though so i'm looking forward to getting back there and getting some consistency again.",0.000000
"ahead of this weekend's premier league action, sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and opta stats. here is all the information you need for manchester united's home clash with manchester city... manchester united vs manchester city -lrb- old trafford -rrb-. team news."," juan mata has four, while city's david silva and jesus navas have three and one respectively.",0.000000
"walter scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery, it has been revealed. a report released by the charleston county sheriff's department on friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between scott and another man. when deputies told the two to break it up, the report states, scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer."," history: scott had already been jailed three times over missed payments, but court records have revealed there was no warrant out for his arrest when he was pulled over.",0.000000
"a school has allowed a pupil who suffers badly with nerves to take her pet labrador into a gcse exam to help keep her calm. rebecca rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves but knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog holly. after confiding in her teacher lorette esteve it was decided she could take holly into the five-minute recorded french oral test.","' ms esteve said staff at bodmin college in cornwall have worked with pupils to help combat stress during the busy exam period, including bringing along drinks, a lucky key ring or a friend to sit in the room.",0.000000
"jenson button was left to reflect on `not a great day 'and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for sunday's bahrain grand prix. just three minutes into the first practice session, button's mclaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the bahrain international circuit. although the car was recovered, his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of fp2, in which three laps in he had to stop out on track as a safety precaution for the engine.","' i think some teams were on high fuel all day as well, so it's not going to be an easy weekend, 'added button.",0.000000
"mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from england duty and hopes to see a big improvement when spurs face newcastle. kane has been one of the stars of the premier league, scoring 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham, and is just one away from becoming their first player since gary lineker in 1992 to hit 30 goals in a season. the england forward has been nominated for both pfa player of the year and pfa young player of the year."," i'd been away for 15 days with my national team and i came back and i said, ""oh, but now i play with redondo, batistuta..."" you feel like a superstar and then you have to go back to espanyol.",0.000000
"andreas christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face. a second person has been charged over a doorstep acid attack on a property developer that left him scarred for life and suffering a loss of vision. property developer andreas christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro, cornwall."," mr christopheros, a father-of-one, was left with life-changing injuries, including a loss of vision and facial scars after the alleged attack last december.",0.000000
"pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of christians. the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east, africa and elsewhere. reflecting this concern, among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the way of the cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from iraq, syria, nigeria, egypt and china."," miss lubamba was wanted by italian authorities for some time but they were unable to trace her until she reported some luggage stolen from a car in milan last july.",0.000000
"attorney general eric holder bid farewell to the justice department on friday after six years, outlining what he said were his major accomplishments and telling staffers that they helped produce a `golden age 'in the department's history. an emotional holder, who has served as the nation's top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration, addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, loretta lynch, was confirmed by the senate following a months-long delay.' i am proud of you."," other clips showed president barack obama showering holder with praise on the day holder announced his departure.",0.000000
"it's the must-have wedding snap for newlyweds -- the happy couple celebrating with their closest family and friends after they tie the knot. but not everyone was smiling after sir paul mccartney married heather mills. take a closer look at macca's wedding party picture and you'll spot his daughters stella and mary looking decidedly glum."," one official portrait -- of the couple outside the church -- was published, for charity.",0.000000
"tokyo -lrb- cnn -rrb- a second robotic probe sent into the crippled fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow. tokyo electric power company -lrb- tepco -rrb- deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down. the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected, an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively, according to a statement released by tepco."," tepco called the robotic probe an ""unprecedented"" experiment.",0.000000
"a video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe, the jungfrau. the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers."," like a bobsleigh the train hurtles down the track as the settlement at the bottom of the mountain slowly comes into view.",0.000000
"a woman driver in her 80s caused chaos when she drove the wrong way along the busy a13 in essex. the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon after she drove a red peugeot towards southend -- but on the london-bound stretch. some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.","' a number of vehicles were involved in a collision between the five bells interchange and the pitsea flyover.",0.000000
"a chinese-born american geologist was deported and returned to his texas home following his release from prison in china after serving nearly eight years on charges of `illegally procuring state secrets'. xue feng returned to his family in houston on friday following his release from beijing's no. 2 prison."," 'xue was born in china and earned a doctorate at the university of chicago, where he was praised by his advisers for his thoroughness and hard work.",0.000000
"somersaulting high in the skies with dizzying abandon, it is hard to imagine that this u.s. fighter jet is some 70 years old - and reconstructed from more than 200 parts."," servicemen who have died in combat.",0.000000
"a connecticut judge spared today a father from prison time in the death of the young son he left in a car on a hot day, saying the man had suffered enough. kyle seitz, 37, of ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in danbury superior court after his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf. authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, benjamin, to day care on the morning of july 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work."," after explaining her husband's decision to take a plea deal last month - the family sought to avoid a an emotionally draining, drawn-out trial - the grieving wife and mother concluded her blog entry thursday on a hopeful note.",0.000000
"the wife of a u.s. army colonel who shot her two children dead four years ago says she does not regret it."," scene: police surround the couple's upscale home in tampa following the discovery of the bodies.",0.000000
"one very good player moves out and another very good player moves in. atletico madrid supporters have stopped fretting about departures because they have good reason to be confident in the people that run the club and their ability to find adequate replacements. in goal sergio asenjo became david de gea, became thibaut courtois, who looks to have become jan oblak."," the likes of former osasuna winger juanfran were in the team back then too -- he looked a symbol of the oh-so average signings being made by the club at the time.",0.000000
"angelique kerber rallied past madison keys to win the family circle cup on sunday, capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 victory. this was kerber's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013. the german broke serve five times against an opponent who hadn't lost serve all week."," keys made only 66 percent of her first serves while kerber proved steady at 83 percent.",0.000000
"locked up: david norris, 51, was jailed for 20 years for the attempted murder of his estranged wife. a jilted husband who repeatedly stabbed his estranged wife in a graveyard screaming `go to sleep with your mum! 'has been jailed for 20 years."," he said: `if i can't have you, no one can have you.",0.000000
"history buffs around the world will now be able to access a rarely-seen napoleonic fort for the first time. the welsh fort, which defended britain from french invasion, will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea. known as st catherine's island, and home to the historic tower and gun rooms, can currently only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day."," it's expected that the pembrokeshire coast national park authority will approve the plans, which also include an on-site gift shop, security office and paths.",0.000000
"tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton delivering what might be their worse season for nine years. perhaps the goalkeeper would have been better off hiding behind conventional wisdom, considering the disappointment of this elongated campaign which could yet see everton finish in the bottom half of the premier league for the first time since 2006. those prospects are dwindling, courtesy of a four-game unbeaten run, but there is no mistaking that roberto martinez's side have fallen way below the standards set last season."," swansea manager garry monk confirmed a striker is top of his summer wishlist after being left with no fit front men, while everton, in the shorter-term, have been told to finish in the top half.",0.000000
"gemma redhead was left terrified after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison, following a conviction for raping her. brutally raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life, gemma redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed. but as she attempted to rebuild her life, the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack -- from the man who carried it out."," 'she said kirby had tried to `destroy' her and she feared he would continue to harass her for the rest of her life.",0.000000
"vincent kompany has revealed that his mum halted a move allowing him to join manchester united when he was just 17-years-old. the manchester city captain and winner of two premier league titles at the etihad stadium, was the subject of an inquiry from sir alex ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at anderlecht. but kompany admits that his mother insisted he finishes school before to england, and he says `everything has played out perfectly 'after he eventually sealed a switch to the premier league in 2008."," `it's a massive honour to be captain of this club and i can tell you that i feel really good.",0.000000
"for inverness the latest chapter in their remarkable story featured not one, but two, plot-changing twists. one featured penalty celtic didn't get for 2-0 in which josh meekings handball should have also led to a sending off. the other the spot kick they did, followed by a red card for craig gordon."," if the bitter amalgamation of 21 years ago produced a fine football club it also disenfranchised many of those who followed the old ones.",0.000000
"the city of brotherly love may also be the city of second -lrb- and third -rrb- chances, as the philadelphia eagles officially signed quarterback tim tebow to a one-year contract on monday. tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the nfl in over two years since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season. the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 heisman trophy winner."," eagles last month and must have impressed philadelphia head coach chip kelly.",0.000000
"robert lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as bayern munich earned a narrow victory against borussia dortmund at the signal iduna park on saturday. poland international lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer as pep guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga. lewandowski spent four years at dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period, and offered only a muted celebration when he pounced to give the visitors the lead 10 minutes before half time."," just under 30 minutes gone at the signal iduna park.",0.000000
"palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi -lrb- illustrated -rrb- as a `platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features. a new lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants, despite being closely related to notorious carnivore tyrannosaurus rex, has been discovered in chile. palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a` platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet."," 'researchers examined over 1,500 anatomical traits of dinosaurs to reconstruct their family tree.",0.000000
"the ceo of salesforce.com has announced the company is now attempting to transfer any indiana employee who is `uncomfortable 'with the polarizing new religious freedom restoration act out of the state. the law, brought in by indiana governor mike pence, was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state, amid fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays.","' i just got an email... from another employee who said, ""look i don't feel comfortable living in this state anymore, you have to move me out,"" and i gave him a $50,000 relocation package and said, ""great, you're clear to go"".",0.000000
"he's the mysterious young soldier who is referred to by wwi historians simply as the `handsome man '. but the unknown digger has been drawn into the centre of an anzac day controversy after his image was used to front woolworths'` fresh in our memories' ad campaign, which has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of anzac and forcibly shut down by the government. little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat."," earlier on tuesday the company took down and then reactivated its twitter account.",0.000000
"historians have unearthed nearly 2,000 perfectly preserved examples of poignant graffiti written on the walls of a cave 100 feet beneath the french countryside by doomed first world war soldiers just weeks before they were to join the fighting on the western front. the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme. the site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance, with experts saying: `it provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict."," `it shows how soldiers form a sense of place and an understanding of their role in a harsh and hostile environment,' said historian ross wilson of chichester university in britain.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- ultrahaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices. their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound. the company's tagline says it all: ""feeling without touching."," ""we use that and control it to vibrate your skin, and give you this feeling.",0.000000
"two goals within ninety seconds of each other was enough to spark an outbreak of fear and loathing rarely seen on this side of the mersey. after more than two years of inexorable decline the patience of tranmere's faithful finally snapped when oxford moved decisively ahead, in an effortless manner reminiscent of the previous saturday's boat race. the loathing was directed mainly at manager micky adams, who was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by `mutual consent '."," he just about summed up the sense of disbelief saying: `it's a big club, when i joined in the summer i never imagined that we would be where we are.",0.000000
"a woman who was left with a broken nose after she was attacked on the street while walking her dog said she doesn't believe she would have been able to fight off her violent assailant had she not learned self-defence. clare verrall, 31, was out with her french bulldog dutchy on wednesday evening near her home in prahran, in melbourne, when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins. he attacked her and she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe from the altercation."," victoria police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect, who has a distinctive neck tattoo.",0.000000
"top seed kei nishikori made a successful start to his barcelona open title defence with a straight sets victory over teymuraz gabashvili on tuesday. japan's nishikori emerged triumphant from the second-round encounter after seeing off his russian opponent 6-3 6-4. the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spaniards - seventh seed roberto bautista-agut with a 6-3 6-4 win over thomaz bellucci of brazil, and ninth seed tommy robredo, the 2004 champion who was a 6-3 6-2 victor against kazakhstan's mikhail kukushkin."," also in round one on tuesday, albert montanes set up a meeting with fellow home favourite david ferrer - the third seed - by beating lithuanian ricardas berankis 1-6 6-4 7-5.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the bizarre circumstances surrounding freddie gray's death have inflamed tensions across the country. how could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested? and what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital?"," officers continued ignoring him.",0.000000
"the bodies of two people have been found amid the wreckage of a light aircraft after it crashed near a loch in western scotland. police began combing woodland in argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control. at around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board."," the plane was travelling from central scotland to tiree, the most westerly island of the inner hebrides, when it went missing.",0.000000
"a wartime scientist has revisited the secret underground factory where she helped build aircraft engines 70 years since the end of the second world war. mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster, worcestershire, in 1943. she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory, working as the only woman in her department."," i did enjoy my time there, it was certainly an experience.",0.000000
"a schoolgirl was left stranded at a busy airport after easyjet refused to let her board its plane - because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage. deva joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at london stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to spain. the teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one."," i just wanted to get home, but they didn't care.",0.000000
"covering aircraft in blue lights, and only turning them on when beginning to take off, could help stop birds colliding with aircraft. that's according to a study, which found that birds responded to lights in different ways than a human might. the researchers said runways could be synced with taxiing aircraft, to help capture birds' attention before an aircraft takes off."," incidents are most common shortly before landing or take-off when the jet engines are at top speed.",0.000000
"bitter: tracey taylor went on a violent rampage following the breakdown of her 20 year relationship. a jilted florist used her car to ram her ex-fiance's porsche as well as his new girlfriend's bmw while her two terrified daughters sat in the back. furious tracey taylor, 34, caused more than # 13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars including scratching the paintwork with a key and smashing the bmw's windscreen with a rock.","' lynsey knott, defending, said:` it was a life-long relationship since she was 15.",0.000000
"a football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport -- from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days. dave doggett, the boss of league two outfit cambridge united, believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their `gangs'.","` our football club is too important to so many to allow a few to ruin our great sport.",0.000000
"visitors to a metro-detroit museum have a chance to get an up-close look at the chair abraham lincoln was shot in at washington d.c.'s ford's theatre in 1865 next week as the museum puts it center stage."," henry ford also bought the logan county courthouse where lincoln practiced law in illinois in the 1840s and moved it to the outdoor area next to his museum known as greenfield village.",0.000000
"the earth experienced its hottest month of march since record-keeping began in 1880. there's been no break from the globe's record heat - the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks. last month's average temperature soared to 56."," the data, released today by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- takes into account global averages across land and sea surfaces.",0.000000
"just weeks after he controversially banned meat products from being sold at the sydney opera house during his upcoming shows there, morrissey has once again weighed into australian animal rights issues. the singer, who will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the sydney vivid live festival in may, has written a public letter to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool. the australian retail giant, who own just jeans, portmans, dotti, peter alexander, jacqui e, and jay jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur."," 'in another post, he wrote of tv chef jamie oliver:` if jamie `orrible is so certain that flesh-food is tasty then why doesn't he stick one of his children in a microwave?",0.000000
"authorities in montgomery county have released the 911 call that led to two `free range 'getting picked up and held by police and maryland cps for five hours over the weekend. the unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv, 10, and his sister dvora, 6, in silver spring on sunday. the 7-minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents, danielle and alexander meitiv, who espouse the hands-off parenting style."," even then, they say they weren't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours.",0.000000
"ben affleck is apologizing after it came to light that the academy award-winning actor and director asked that information be withheld from a pbs show about his family history. after appearing on finding your roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by dailymail.com, a request the producers ultimately agreed to."," they have yet to release a statement on their findings.",0.000000
"still employed: rolling stone is not expected to take any action against sabrina rubin erdely, whose reporting was roundly discredited. an independent review of rolling stone's story about an alleged violent gang rape at the university of virginia said the story fell apart because of `basic, even routine 'failures of journalism. professors at the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night, going through its shortcomings step by step."," another possible way erdely could have found out inconsistencies in the story would have been giving fuller details to the fraternity and uva when asking them for comment, the review said.",0.000000
"obese children in one chinese school are being helped to get back into shape by special gym lessons - called `kung fu panda 'classes. around 50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school, in china's eastern zhejiang province, are put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight. the kung fu panda classes were set up after a survey showed that 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese, with one 11-year-old pupil weighing in at 180lbs, reports the people's daily online."," `after just 3 weeks of kung fu panda classes there have been a number of students who have seen visible differences in their physiques take place, this is also the result of our close cooperation with the families.",0.000000
"manchester city have already met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager's job -- but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for roberto mancini. txiki begiristain, city's director of football met the borussia dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for city -- and the club went on to appoint manuel pellegrini. begiristain's meeting and rejection of klopp back in 2013 adds weight to the growing evidence that klopp will not get the manchester city job even though the borussia dortmund manager quit this week, fuelling a wave of speculation about which premier league clubs might want to appoint him this summer."," however, there is an insistence at the club that it should be not be automatically assumed that pellegrini will be dismissed as, unlike when mancini went, the club is running smoothly off the pitch without the internal tensions and disagreements which characterised mancini's last days.",0.000000
"tastes change, of course, but looking at some of the adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century, it's hard to believe that the advertising brains behind them thought they might actually work. if the ad world's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience including hopping across multiple media platforms to reach them, once it was all about a single, thoughtfully-composed image. we've unearthed some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in the nation's national newspapers or glossy magazines, all of which hoped to persuade shoppers to part with their hard-earned cash."," a collision of colour: singer rod stewart once advertised kickers shoes... while wearing some very garish clothes.",0.000000
"time fries when you're having fun. dedicated waitress judy eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it's the only job's she's ever had or ever wanted. `it's like my home away from home and i just love it here, 'eddingfield told fox."," classic drive-thru: winstead's was established in 1940 and to this day is known for serving quality burgers at their drive-thru.",0.000000
"david cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of lloyds bank shares if he wins the election -- in what would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the thatcher era. the prime minister will today pledge that if he is returned to downing street he will offer the public # 4 billion of lloyds shares still held by the government after gordon brown's # 20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers' money during the 2008 economic crisis. individuals will be allowed to buy up to # 10,000 worth of lloyds banking group shares, which were worth 78."," a loyalty bonus will be offered of one free share for every ten held for at least a year after the sale, up to a maximum bonus value of # 200.",0.000000
"james gregoire, pictured, was killed following a late night `altercation 'in clacton, essex. a 21-year-old man has been arrested after a man died following a late-night brawl in clacton last night. the suspect from clacton was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11."," all of those involved in the incident are believed to be known to each other and are from the area.",0.000000
"teenager ben gibson had just seen his middlesbrough side knocked out in the champions league group stage when the email landed from club chairman -- uncle steve -- that he had been fired. that, of course, was the virtual world of football manager. on friday, boro defender gibson -- now 22 - can help steer his uncle's club back towards the big time for real."," he was there when they beat bolton at cardiff's millennium stadium to lift the first trophy in the club's history and again in eindhoven two years later when sevilla ran out 4-0 winners.",0.000000
"thousands of women whose breast cancer has become resistant to standard treatment could benefit from a new drug combination, claim researchers. it is hoped the new approach will target cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause the tumour to re-grow. cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in britain every month.","` this combination of drugs potentially allows us to target oestrogen-sensitive cells, while also mopping up the cells which cause treatment resistance.",0.000000
"in the previews for bruce jenner's much-anticipated interview with diane sawyer, he said that his whole life has been getting him ready for this moment - and truly, the olympian's changing looks over the years most certainly seem to have been building up to some kind of dramatic transformation. since achieving fame in 1976, when he won olympic gold in the men's decathlon, bruce, now 65, has notoriously undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his adam's apple, many of which - including a revisionary face lift - have been documented as part of his well-known reality series keeping up with the kardashians. now sporting manicures and ponytails, the former playgirl cover hunk has evolved from being the picture of american manliness into a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation."," indeed, fans of the reality show have continued to watch as bruce's appearance has changed more and more since the show premiered in 2007.",0.000000
"a couple accused of kidnapping two amish girls from a produce stand before shackling and sexually abusing them have been offered a plea deal that would spare the girls from testifying. stephen howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey, from hermon, new york, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children. they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13."," the amish girls were abducted from the stand in rural oswegatchie, near the canadian border.",0.000000
"secretary of state john kerry `is delusional 'if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they didn't and get away with it, says the chairman of the senate armed services committee, john mccain.' i think john kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the iranians wouldn't say much about it, 'the republican lawmaker told radio host hugh hewitt during his thursday program. mccain, responding to the supreme leader of iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is` instant,' said he had `sympathy 'for iranian ayatollah ali khamenei, because kerry` must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord `and yet chose to interpret it in another way."," 'drawing on khamenei's comment about supervision, graham said he would `never' lend his support to a deal that doesn't allow for inspections` anytime and anywhere.",0.000000
"chelsea can take another step closer towards securing the premier league title when they face arsenal on sunday, and jose mourinho's side stepped up their preparations for the emirates showdown in training on friday. the league leaders were put through their paces at their cobham training headquarters just a couple of days before a london derby against arsene wenger's side. mourinho has never lost to wenger in 12 outings, and he will be hoping 13 is not unlucky as well on sunday as his side look to extend their 10-point lead over the gunners.","' eden hazard was also on target in the autumn home win over arsenal.",0.000000
"sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a `promising 'indian cricketer who has died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata. the board of control for cricket in india confirmed on their official twitter account that 20-year-old ankit keshri had passed away after suffering' a cardiac arrest following on-field injury '. according to reports, keshri colleded with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in kolkata on friday, and though he regained consciousness afterwards, he died in hospital on monday."," the right-hander was captain of the bengal under-19 team, and was short-listed for india's under-19 team for the 2014 colts world cup.",0.000000
"diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the fact there are no english clubs left in europe as he prepares atletico madrid for their champions league quarter-final second leg. the are no premier league clubs in the last eight of the competition after chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the last 16 stage, while everton were dumped out of the europa league in the previous round. and simeone, who takes his side to the bernabeu to face local rivals real madrid on wednesday, believes the failure of english clubs in europe this season should kick the country's top-flight into gear."," arsenal's mesut ozil sits on the turf after his side's last 16 champions league exit at the hands of monaco.",0.000000
"mi5 covered up the sexual abuse of boys in the notorious kincora home, a former army intelligence officer claimed last night. brian gemmell, a former captain in the intelligence corps, said spy chiefs ordered him to `stop digging 'when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children's' home. he spoke out during a meeting with victim richard kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by` very powerful 'figures in a westminster paedophile gang."," speaking to mr kerr on channel 4 news, he said: `that's the thing that hits me - that if i really pushed the thing through, you could have been rescued.",0.000000
"many of us dream about escaping our everyday lives for something more exotic. ten years ago, bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world. the 34-year-old left her home in san diego, california, when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels."," 'i was writing blogs the first year and from this i developed a close relationship with patagonia, an outdoors clothing company - who have been my main financial supporter since the beginning.",0.000000
"most dog owners would say they were dedicated to their pets. but dave rickard and his wife brenda are so devoted to their west highland terrier daisy that they didn't think twice about giving her the kiss of life after she was feared to have drowned. mr rickard, 72, and his wife brenda, 67, were on holiday when daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.","' he said the vet put daisy on oxygen and kept her in overnight.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- anthony ray hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on alabama's death row for murders he says he didn't commit. and incredulous that it took so long. hinton, 58, looked up, took in the sunshine and thanked god and his lawyers friday morning outside the county jail in birmingham, minutes after taking his first steps as a free man since 1985."," hinton planned to spend at least this weekend at the home of a close friend.",0.000000
"not a day goes by that 14-year-old jonathan pitre doesn't scream in pain. born with epidermolysis bullosa - or `butterfly skin '- his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult.","' i can't play sports but there's much more to sports than players.",0.000000
"barry hawkins kept his nerve to clinch a final frame decider over matthew selt in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield. the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4 to move within one frame of victory. but selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from hawkins saw him into the second round with a 10-9 win.","' hawkins, who will play either mark allen or ryan day in the second round, is no stranger to crucible drama having fended off a famous comeback from dominic dale in last year's quarter-finals.",0.000000
"england will send an under 20 team to the toulon tournament this summer following the successful experiment last year. gareth southgate's squad finished fourth last may and the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this june. the fa felt the diversity and quality of opposition in toulon were key to helping young players' education and the decision has been made to enter once again."," other participating countries include holland, the ivory coast, mexico and the united states.",0.000000
"barcelona striker luis suarez has admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside lionel messi and neymar when he joined the club. the uruguayan, who arrived under a cloud following his ban for biting at last year's world cup, has made a rapid adjustment to life at the catalan club - scoring vital goals to help put them on course for a treble. barca face paris saint-germain on tuesday looking to book a place in the champions league semi-finals with a 3-1 lead from the first leg in which suarez struck twice.","' suarez -lrb- left -rrb- scores his second goal of the night as barcelona go 3-0 against psg on april 15.",0.000000
"an australian man who walked free from an indonesian prison after nine months plans to celebrate his season by heading to the beach. jake drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars following a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter. the 23-year-old surfer, who was taken into custody in june last year, said he can not wait to get back in the water."," drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.",0.000000
"eden hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders if the chelsea winger is to be considered among the best in the world, insists gary neville. hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the barclays premier league title, but neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are `in outer space 'by comparison. the former manchester united right-back feels hazard is on par with arjen robben, thomas muller, neymar, gareth bale and james rodriguez, but that he is not as ruthless as the rest."," neville says ronaldo and barcelona star lionel messi are` in outer space' by comparison to other players.",0.000000
"google claims to have cracked a problem that has flummoxed anyone who has tried to read a doctor's note - how to read anyone's handwriting. the firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts, and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send."," it locates a phone on a map, remotely rings and lets users carry out additional security tasks.",0.000000
"a morbidly obese man has started documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs - without weight loss surgery - after the intense back pain brought on by his size prompted him to get serious about his health. for years, iowa-based writer daniel p. finney, ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him `fatty 'as he walked down the street."," `the thought terrifies me of no more pizza, nachos, chicken wings, mountain dew or fries.",0.000000
"a north korean propaganda unit said the u.s. ambassador to south korea could face a `bigger mishap 'than the knife attack to his face last month if he does not stop insulting north korea with` laughable' accusations."," in march, lipper said that he was pretty darn good 'as he was released from hospital.",0.000000
"a hotel owner believes he has found the perfect solution for revitalising his flagging business - by converting it into a swingers' paradise. jon huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the fifty shades of grey effect and attract guests from the gay and swinging communities at his hotel westward ho! in folkestone, kent."," 'mr huxley, who has owned the hotel for 13 years, said the special weekends would be controlled through advance bookings rather than being open to casual callers.",0.000000
"bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable -- and consider a move from mercedes to ferrari. formula one's puppeteer, who still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84, was speaking after calling hamilton in for talks at his office in bahrain. hamilton, 30, has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes."," but if lewis went there, it would be great for the sport -- 100 per cent.",0.000000
"only after the fourth goal had been scored, only after this derby demolition had been completed, did louis van gaal turn to the most expensive player in english football and the player who commands the highest wages. angel di maria and radamel falcao were little more than fresh legs here on sunday, and any success van gaal has enjoyed in his first season at old trafford needs to be measured against the difficulties two phenomenally talented players have endured. but it also a measure of the qualities the dutchman possesses that players with only a fraction of their ability are not just keeping them out of the side, but are performing as well as this."," manchester city boss pellegrini has come under increasing pressure after a dismal second half of the season.",0.000000
"aubrey de grey -lrb- pictured -rrb- says ageing is a `disease that can and should be cured 'with his rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead, aubrey de grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years. a penchant for beer, fried food and an aversion to exercise could fool you into believing the lanky ex-public schoolboy cares little about ageing. but you would be wrong."," he laughs: `it keeps me busy.",0.000000
"manny pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport after a series of mega-fights and another one to follow on saturday night against floyd mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas. the filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so, facing the likes of oscar de la hoya, ricky hatton, miguel cotto and four fights against mexican warrior juan manuel marquez. but it's been a tough road to the top for pacquiao from being born into poverty in the philippines."," pacquiao's luxury bus leaves his training base in los angeles to set off for las vegas on monday afternoon ahead of the fight.",0.000000
"video footage of a young woman being led away in handcuffs - allegedly because she was sunbathing on a private beach reserved for tourists - has gone viral in mexico and sparked a heated debate. the 26-year-old woman, laura alicia caldero, claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the mamitas beach in playa del carmen when armed police forcibly removed her. according to friends of caldero, guards were preventing locals from going onto the sandy stretch, which is located in the tourist area of quintana roo in eastern mexico.","` the palm tree is apparently not for the public although it was a public beach.",0.000000
"a man was arrested in quebec on monday after he was filmed allegedly threatening a mother, her husband, and their two children with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage. manuel delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday. karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children.","' i think the man noticed that, first of all, i caught it all on video, and he could see on my face that i was terrorized and he saw me call the police, 'said cyr.",0.000000
"this is the incredible moment a tiger was sent crashing to the floor after mistiming an attack on a fleet-footed bird. the ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing. as the tiger raced towards the bird, it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks."," 'i was surprised to see the tiger slip and raised my camera in a hurry with rapid fires on the trigger.",0.000000
"aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season, none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner in the fa cup final. but his last one -- the only goal of the game at burnley -- meant the world, because it was for someone special. `i've had a tough few weeks, 'said ramsey, who pointed skywards after scoring at turf moor."," but that does not mean they will swat reading aside.",0.000000
"telecom watchdogs are to stop a rip-off that allows mobile phone firms to charge customers to call supposedly free 0800 numbers. currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone. the net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the nhs, the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges.","' the changes are part of a wider shake-up in call charges to non-geographic numbers, which are described by ofcom as the` biggest overhaul of phone calls in more than a decade '.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- americans on the united states' no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status, according to court documents filed by the justice department this week. the revised policy comes in response to a june ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment's guarantee of due process. the decision was part of an american civil liberties union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 americans on the list."," the number of people on the list is classified.",0.000000
"owning a passport opens up a world of possibility and freedom for travellers - or so you would think. in some countries around the world, even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents, you are still restricted and barred from several countries. henley and partners created a visa restrictions index, which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results."," = somalia -lrb- 32 points -rrb-.",0.000000
"cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon would prefer a tory general election victory. cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood last night ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon wants david cameron to win the election. the investigation came after ms sturgeon claimed she was the victim of whitehall `dirty tricks'."," the row follows an allegation sturgeon -lrb- left -rrb- told french ambassador sylvie bermann she wants david cameron -lrb- right -rrb- to win -- partly because labour leader ed miliband is not` pm material 'sturgeon denied claims that she secretly hoped cameron would win the election on her twitter account -lrb- above -rrb-.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- as the model for norman rockwell's ""rosie the riveter,"" mary doyle keefe became the symbol of american women working on the home front during world war ii. the 92-year-old died this week at her home in simsbury, connecticut. as a 19-year-old telephone operator, keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29, 1943."," the poster shows a woman flexing her arm under the slogan ""we can do it.",0.000000
"a woman asked a judge on thursday to dismiss her lawsuit against the daughter of university of alabama football coach nick saban, bringing an end to a legal fight between sorority sisters that was sparked by an alcohol-fueled brawl. attorneys for plaintiff sarah grimes and for kristen saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit, which was set for trial in early august. `we are pleased that this case is over, 'said josh hayes, a lawyer for the coach's daughter."," girl brawl: grimes -lrb- left -rrb- claimed in her 2012 lawsuit that she suffered lasting injuries during a boozy brawl with saban -lrb- right -rrb- in 2010, which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking.",0.000000
"a 25-year-old is facing jail on fraud charges after she allegedly faked having terminal cancer to her family and friends. meaghan hudson, 25, left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in december 2013, saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma, a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow, and she was unlikely to survive. miss hudson's friends, who have known her since high school in dayton, ohio, went to great lengths to show their support - they shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric.","` she is not sick, even despite her ongoing claims that she does have some type of illness that has simply not been diagnosed.",0.000000
"crystal palace manager alan pardew insists manchester city can come from behind again to snatch the barclays premier league title from chelsea. city overtook liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season and in 2012, sergio aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank manchester united on goal difference. chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand but pardew, whose palace side host city on monday, believes the race is far from over."," `of course they are still in the title race, it's been proven many times the race is never over, 'pardew said.",0.000000
"best-selling author sarah wilson has hit out at a woman's website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder. the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the `i quit sugar 'book and website complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa -- a condition defined by an obsession for eating` healthily'. wilson's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer, and paleo diet preacher pete evans."," `there's a lot of people out there who are' t taking on the responsibility of being a disseminator of information.",0.000000
"take it away: raymond allen, who opened the first kfc franchise, said he thinks the restaurant is `dreadful 'and won't eat there again. the businessman who brought kfc to the uk but has only ever eaten it once, says he will not go again and branded the fast-food chain` dreadful.' raymond allen - who is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in preston, lancashire, in 1965."," 'his company kfc uk ltd, was eventually able to obtain a loan from heublein inc, a usa company which at the time owned smirnoff vodka.",0.000000
"`screaming in agony ': ups driver tom ryan -lrb- pictured -rrb- lost a leg after getting crushed against his own truck by a car swerving to miss a jaywalker. a ups driver had one of his legs ripped off after being crushed against his own truck by a car which swerved to avoid a jaywalker. tom ryan, 40, was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island, leaving the hanging by a thread."," he said the jaywalker stopped to rubberneck but left before emergency services reached the scene.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it was a masterful performance. i watched in awe on thursday as cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host mehmet oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore. i should have expected that dr."," both types of questions show the profound disconnect between most physicians, who tend not to speak unless they are certain in their expertise on a topic, and the way the media industry works.",0.000000
"tim sherwood insists aston villa are prepared for their final survival fight as he backed his side to stay up. villa go to manchester city on saturday, looking good at four points above the bottom three and with an fa cup final against arsenal ahead next month. manager sherwood replaced paul lambert in february when villa were in the barclays premier league relegation zone but believes they have enough to survive with five games left."," we are very confident that we are going to stay in the premier league but you just never know.",0.000000
"the man named as a person of interest in the disappearance of william tyrrell was living with three young boys at the time the toddler vanished - despite authorities being aware of allegations he raped two young girls in 1987. the new south wales ombudsman is investigating how bill spedding, 63, who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault, was able to live with children despite claims being made against him. the mother of the three young boys, who can not be named, was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse."," it comes after police revealed they believe william may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of nsw.",0.000000
"cristiano ronaldo was splashed across every spanish sports paper on monday after scoring five goals in one game for the first time in his illustrious career. the real madrid star was in unstoppable form as carlo ancelotti's men beat struggling granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive on sunday. the front page of as featured a beaming ronaldo with `cristiano 'listed five times while marca and a bola featured similar front pages of the smiling portugal international."," mundo deportivo's headline read` merci mathieu' as the frenchman's goal maintained the catalans' four-point lead at the top.",0.000000
"argentina has branded british attempts to explore the seas around the falklands islands for oil `illegitimate 'and says it will mount a legal challenge -- but has ruled out another conflict. daniel filmus, argentina's secretary of state for the islands, told an event in london that britain's decision to increase military spending in the south atlantic was` gunboat diplomacy'. mr filmus said military conflict `belongs to the past 'and claimed:` the united kingdom can count on argentina as an ally."," the dispute has escalated in recent years with the discovery of oil and gas deposits.",0.000000
"rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic: on pages 16 and 17 of the united review, next to a picture of ander herrera, screamed the words `right place, right time '. that hasn't always been the case during the spaniard's debut season at old trafford. between october 20 and february 17, herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period, prompting much chatter about his place in the squad."," no wonder he left with acclaim from his manager ringing in his ears.",0.000000
"rome -lrb- cnn -rrb- muslims who were among migrants trying to get from libya to italy in a boat this week threw 12 fellow passengers overboard -- killing them -- because the 12 were christians, italian police said thursday. italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the christians at sea, police in palermo, sicily, said. why migrants are dying to get to italy."," cnn's ben wedeman contributed to this report.",0.000000
"out there in the desert, the mirage continues to shimmer for amir khan. the identity of the challenge becomes blurred in the haze. first it looks like floyd mayweather."," arum is aware of that box office potential but also recognises the boxing qualities of the` nice young man 'from bolton: `amir has great speed.",0.000000
"northampton's maligned hit man is primed to go big-game hunting again with no intention of toning down his use of legitimate force in the wake of renewed criticism. courtney lawes arrived in france with the saints, ahead of the champions cup quarter-final against mighty clermont auvergne, carrying notoriety as excess baggage. his brutal tackle on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month, in the six nations finale, angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned."," i'm comfortable being who i am.",0.000000
"the `battle of holland 'was nothing short of sensational as raymond van barnevald defeated world no 1 michael van gerwen - earning the bragging rights and giving himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the showdown at the 02 arena. robin van persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel tv and showed his support for his fellow dutchmen on his instagram page. the reigning premier league darts champion started well and found himself 2-0 up, before van gerwen began to score high and leveled the legs up."," adrian lewis showed that he should not yet be written off with an impressive win over bunting.",0.000000
"gareth bale has been urged to ignore a return to the premier league and persevere at real madrid by former wales manager mark hughes. the world's most expensive player has endured a difficult second season at the bernabeu. despite starring in both the 2014 copa del rey and champions league finals, the 25-year-old has become a figure of frustration for fans this term."," `he's done everything right up to this point and having a huge impact over there but if he can, stay as long as you can, 'hughes told the bbc.",0.000000
"ultimately, bristol city were never destined to become the first football league club to win promotion this season at deepdale, even though they are inching ever closer. swindon's win over peterborough meant steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship, but almost as importantly they made sure preston wouldn't make any ground on them in the top two. three points at bradford on tuesday will do the trick - only that standing in their way now."," this could've been a day they made the title race very interesting indeed.",0.000000
"negotiations to make a fight between paul smith and andre ward are set to be concluded this week, with the liverpool super-middleweight set to meet one of boxing's biggest talents on june 20. sportsmail understands discussions are virtually finalised for the summer showdown, with a formal announcement of the fight expected imminently. elements of the deal are still being rubber-stamped and ward's wba world title is unlikely to be on the line."," the 31-year-old, an olympic champion and winner of all 27 of his professional fights, has not fought since november 2013.",0.000000
"england may be well on course to sealing their spot at euro 2016 but it appears as if manager roy hodgson still does not know his best xi. sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france, assuming everyone is fit of course. let us know your england xis by posting them in the comments section below."," carrick must start and barkley must cut down on giving the ball away in dangerous positions but offers more going forward than fabian delph.",0.000000
"filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract, despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer. the full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge. atletico hope that may give them leverage, but luis said: `i'm happy at chelsea."," we have to be better than ever but i think we're prepared to cope with the hard situation that we have.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- four workers died in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of mexico wednesday. mexican state oil company pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze, which began early wednesday morning. two of them are in serious condition, the company said."," cnn's mayra cuevas contributed to this report.",0.000000
"the scottish football association have failed in their to have the punishment handed to rangers goalkeeper steve simonsen for breaching betting laws increased. the 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the sfa's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year. but sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was `unduly lenient '."," black scored the third goal in his side's 4-2 win, a result that scuppered his own accumulator.",0.000000
"a british marathon runner has become the first blind athlete to complete the `toughest footrace on earth ', which saw him run almost 160 miles across the sahara desert. dave heeley, 57, from west bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks. the super-fit father-of-three, known affectionately by his friends as` blind dave', took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees."," tough: in the marathon des sables, athletes have to carry their provisions on their back and sleep in tents.",0.000000
"a liberal democrat candidate has thanked nick clegg for not visiting his seat because he said it would turn off voters. josh mason, who is standing in lib dem-held redcar, said the deputy prime minister was `not the most popular '. he said that a visit from the party leader to the seat, which is currently held by the lib dems, would not` do us any favours'."," mr mason told itv tyne tees:' i think that nick clegg coming to redcar might be a little bit of a double-edged sword for us.",0.000000
"the queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side as he annual visit to newbury's opening ended with two near-misses. capel path, ridden by ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute, finished third to richard hannon's desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap but it was the queen's hannon-trained two-year-old ring of truth who looked the one who got away. the 7-1 shot, making her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes, took time to understand what was required of her as she showed understandable signs of inexperience but the richard hughes-ridden daughter of royal applause was closing hard on winner harvard man at the line and was only touched off by short head."," all spring he has shown to be a really nice colt.",0.000000
"australia's most notorious serial killer could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, had the `wrong man 'not been sent to prison, a new investigation has claimed. channel seven's sunday night will tell the story of ivan milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution, before going on to butcher seven backpackers. the revelation includes first-hand evidence from milat's older brother, boris, into the killer's` secret victim'."," according to the timeline presented by the program and mr milat, his murderous brother would have been a 19-year-old when he claimed his first victim.",0.000000
"tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer. the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane, with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens. but adebayor's wages will prove a key factor this summer, with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5."," it felt amazing to be back home, 'the forward posted via the social media network a picture head-to-toe in african clothing stating his pride in his heritage.",0.000000
"a health expert has slammed parents for not taking vaccination seriously after 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted the potentially deadly disease whooping cough. kilcoy state school is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area, but parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there. the sunshine coast daily reports that infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper, a professorial research fellow at the university of queensland's institute for molecular bioscience, attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend."," statewide, 232 cases have been reported.",0.000000
"they will come up against each other in the year's first major on thursday, but it wasn't that long ago that rory mcilroy was looking up to tiger woods. the world no 1 - now 103 places above woods in the world rankings - is the favourite to win the masters next week and claim his first green jacket, thus completing a career grand slam. woods, who has confirmed he is ready to play at augusta after spell working on his game, is one of only five players to win the masters, the open, the us pga championship and the us open - and it's that success which led to a young mcilroy aiming to emulate him."," fourteen years later at the 2000 pga championship, i got to play with and against him -- someone i looked up to.",0.000000
"a transgender south carolina teenager who was told to remove her makeup for a driver's license photo has settled her lawsuit over the incident and a state agency has agreed to handle such cases differently, according to court documents. under the terms of the settlement, the state dmv is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos. agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who don't identify with either gender."," chase culpepper, 17, who was born male but now identifies as female, regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing.",0.000000
"the duchess of cambridge is expected to go into labour any day now, but has a software designer predicted what the fourth in line to the throne will look like? programmer charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. if he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old."," jessica bridge of ladbrokes said: `as every day passes we're forced to slash the odds, and it would be fitting if the new prince or princess was born on kate and william's anniversary.",0.000000
"when jade walters loaned out her beloved horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride, she didn't realise she would never see him again. miss walters, 21, was horrified to discover that the family looking after magic had sold him at auction for just # 200. magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community, and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites."," however, miss walters did not find out until last week when she decided to bring magic home.",0.000000
"the chief secretary to the treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high-class call girl. but sadly for scandalmongers, the chance encounter between danny alexander and brooke magnanti -- better known by her former alias belle de jour -- was innocent. the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday as part of the nip festival, which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the highlands."," and a former conservative cabinet minister criticised george osborne's` dickensian' message on `austerity britain '.",0.000000
"stoke city are challenging west ham for sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang. chief executive tony scholes was understood to be in the stands as sampdoria played out a 1-1 draw with verona on wednesday night. the 23-year-old spaniard, who started out at atletico madrid, is available for around # 6million."," pedro obiang -lrb- right -rrb- has been linked with a move to the premier league this summer.",0.000000
"killing a spider is one thing but seeing hundreds of babies explode from its body afterwards would freak out anyone. this was the case in hallett cove, south australia, when a man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor. he got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom, only to see hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor."," the australian repile park website explains that after mating, the female wolf spider produces a silk mat into which she deposits around 100 eggs.",0.000000
"west ham's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford. the hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the barclays premier league in a bid to fill the 54,000 capacity stadium when they make the switch for the 2016-17 season. co-chairmen david gold and david sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue, which coincides with their move away from upton park, to pass on savings to fans."," west ham trio diafra sakho, winston reid and mark noble smile for the camera at the olympic stadium.",0.000000
"a former fortune 500 executive from new hampshire who caused a highway crash that killed a vermont couple and their unborn baby was accused of being `heartless' in court on wednesday by angry family members. prosecutors have said robert dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into an suv carrying 24-year-old amanda murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old jason timmons. relatives of murphy and timmons tore into dellinger during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing."," in asking for a shorter sentence, they also contend he was suffering from withdrawal of a sleeping aid.",0.000000
"karen bell, 42, from hull, has been jailed for 12 months after blackmailing a man for # 55 and threatening to post videos of their sex trysts online. a mother who blackmailed a lover she met on dating website plenty of fish by threatening to post footage online of their sex sessions if she did not receive # 55, has been jailed for 12 months. karen bell, 42, from hull, east yorkshire, met the man on the dating website and the pair exchanged flirty texts - before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers."," the man, who was referred to in court as `mr a ', began lending bell money as she claimed she was short of cash.",0.000000
"if you're fed up with repeatedly typing passwords, hovering your finger on a sensor or staring at your phone waiting for it to scan your face to unlock it, a new device could cure your woes. the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby. the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet -lrb- three metres -rrb-."," fujitsu has developed a `custom compact and high-output infrared led ', and a custom infrared camera.",0.000000
"for any hopeful parent who wants to know what life is really like with a newborn baby, never fear, a clever mom has filled a void on the internet by providing a wide range of hilarious spoof reviews seemingly written by frustrated owners displeased with their young baby children. raquel d'apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating yelp reviews of newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today. raquel, who posts the reviews on her humorous parenting blog the ugly volvo, told today that she came up with the idea of the parody posts after she was searching for something on yelp and realized that there were reviews for everything except babies."," '-lsb- the blog posts -rsb- are just kind of about having a child in general and not having -lsb- my son's -rsb- entire childhood documented,' she told today.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a columbia university student who was accused of rape is suing the new york city school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a ""serial rapist"" according to the lawsuit, paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility in emma sulkowicz's 2013 rape claim, as well as others that came to light after sulkowicz went public with her allegations in various media interviews. her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the complaint, saying she hoped to show how ""flawed"" the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases. cnn does not usually name individuals in sexual assault cases, but in this instance, both parties have spoken publicly about their experience."," the most recent came from nungesser in a daily beast article titled, ""columbia student: i didn't rape her,"" in which he shared a long exchange of facebook messages to support his claim that their sex was consensual.",0.000000
"a photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images. yaakov naumi's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. naumi, 32, who was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school, admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, `look strange '."," thousands of orthodox jews gathered at the funeral of rabbi yosef shalom elyashiv in jerusalem.",0.000000
"the chilling facebook posts of a gun-obsessed 24-year-old man who is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself have been revealed. tim mcnaughton's body was discovered alongside his father greg mcnaughton's near a shooting range at a farm in the caves, near rockhampton in central queensland on tuesday. in february 2012, tim was issued with a `shooter 'firearm licence by the northern territory police."," 'a statement from the ceo of the royal flying doctor service, where all three men worked, said everyone was shocked by what had happened.",0.000000
"wayne rooney believes manchester united team-mate marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe. fellaini was one of the stars of united's manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal. now rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton forward, saying: `he is getting used in the right way."," united are now in third place in the barclays premier league after six league wins in a row.",0.000000
"two more games; that's all it will take. two more games and jose mourinho will have confirmed his mastery of the premier league with a third title in five attempts at the trophy and chelsea will be crowned champions. the clue that this was the decisive game was in the manic nature of the second half.","' mourinho had the perfect riposte to that.",0.000000
"mauricio pochettino has blamed tottenham's lunchtime lethargy this season on the europa league campaign. of 10 barclays premier league matches kicking off at 12.00, 12."," `we played very well and it was the end the project of five years with nicola cortese and markus liebherr.",0.000000
"formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has given azerbaijan the all-clear ahead of its debut next season despite serious concerns over the country's human rights record. human rights watch's 2015 report on the former soviet republic stated there had been 'a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record' particularly in its treatment of opponents of the political regime. however, ecclestone maintains f1 has conducted its due diligence on azerbaijan.","` there's no question of it not being on the calendar.",0.000000
"the yoga being taught in a san diego county school system is not a gateway to hinduism and doesn't violate the religious rights of students or their parents, a california appeals court ruled friday. the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes. the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity."," the sedlocks were disappointed with the ruling and are considering their options.",0.000000
"the nfl is set to hire sarah thomas as its first permanent female official for regular season games, according to reports. the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. the baltimore sun's aaron wilson broke the story, with the nfl refusing to confirm the appointment."," `being a former basketball player, you saw female officiating all the time.",0.000000
"more than five million australian visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year - the biggest amount since world war ii. as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time throughout this year."," secretary of the immigration department michael pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the australian national university on tuesday night, fairfax media reported.",0.000000
"chelsea boss jose mourinho is planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder koke. the club's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday to watch the 23-year-old during atletico's 2-1 victory against deportivo, according to spanish newspaper as. the highly-rated spaniard signed a long-term deal with diego simeone's side only last year, but mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back filipe luis to his former club as a makeweight for the deal."," as also report that koke's release clause is around # 50million which chelsea could be willing to shell out as mourinho looks to add to a midfield that has looked tired at times this season.",0.000000
"officer michael slager has received a visit from his mother and pregnant wife in prison for the first time since he was charged with fatally shooting walter scott. slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer. but on friday, his wife jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him."," the video shows slager handcuffing scott's lifeless body.",0.000000
"max maisel -lrb- above -rrb- went missing on february 21, after his car was found abandoned on the shore of lake ontario in new york. police have now discovered his body. police have found the body of senior espn writer ivan maisel's son, two months after his car was found abandoned.","` we have mourned max from the night that the rochester police called to tell us he was missing.",0.000000
"model-turned-jihadist sharky jama has reportedly been killed in syria while fighting with terrorist organisation islamic state -lrb- is -rrb-. the melbourne man's father, dada jama, confirmed his death to sbs radio while tributes to the young man flooded social media. somali broadcaster ibrahim mohamed said he had spoken with the family on wednesday who told him sharky had died after being shot."," in various pictures published by his modelling agency, sharky is seen posing for photographs in smart casual clothing.",0.000000
"a north carolina man has been charged following the fatal shooting of his girlfriend, who was six months pregnant, and whose baby survived. daniel steele, 25, was arrested at his home in raleigh not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40 pm on saturday night."," richardson was six months pregnant and her child - a girl - has safely delivered at a local hospital.",0.000000
"whether you're simply day-dreaming about all of the places you need to see around the world or looking to book your next trip abroad, perusing instagram is a great place to find ideas. but there are some accounts that are simply a cut above the rest. london's julie falconer, for example, showcases the english capital in all of its glory, while adventure photographer joe greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest."," he first began experimenting with digital photography in 2012 and has lived and travelled through the caribbean, latin america and europe - though, admittedly, his nordic landscapes are some of the most impressive.",0.000000
"paris saint-germain playmaker lucas moura has revealed he is `obsessed 'with the way fellow south american lionel messi plays football. brazilians and argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football, however moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of his side's champions league encounter against barcelona. moura, speaking to as, said:` he has always been my idol.","` we must be realistic and messi is the best.",0.000000
"everyone's a winner. good news for all the struggling low-paid pros who made it to the masters. the green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year's tournament."," one of the plethora of touts outside the grounds quoted me $4,000 for a pair of tickets.",0.000000
"british olympic chief bill sweeney insists the association worked `really hard 'to keep aaron cook on board - but the 24-year-old was set on changing his nationality and competing for moldova at the 2016 olympics. dorset-born cook who was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012, applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici and has already received his passport from the small eastern european state. the british olympic association -lrb- boa -rrb- announced on thursday morning that they had ratified the 24-year-old's move - issuing a statement to confirm the news."," 'jeremy beard, the chairman of gb taekwondo, said in a statement:` having secured his place at the upcoming european games, we are naturally disappointed that aaron cook does not wish to represent great britain in baku, nor at the olympic games in rio.",0.000000
"police are believed to have identified one of the men behind the jewel heist in hatton garden, as it was revealed the gang could have been inspired by similar robberies in los angeles in the 1980s. officers from scotland yard's flying squad released images of three suspects on saturday, but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified. meanwhile criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified `startling similarities' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo, by michael connelly."," in another development, the sun has revealed that # 80,000 worth of diamond tipped drills were stolen from another site in south london in november, using a van similar to that at hatton garden.",0.000000
"a woman whose designer crocodile-skin handbag was seized by the uk border force has triumphed in a test case bid to get it back. the # 2,000 designer tote bag, hand-made in japan, was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman, sabine smouha, from her husband jeremy, the director of an investments company. but, when it arrived in britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it because nile crocodiles are a protected species and it didn't have the right documentation."," it was the first time that the japanese company had exported to the uk, but she was unaware of that.",0.000000
"saracens are sweating over the availability of billy vunipola for saturday's champions cup semi-final against clermont after the no 8 was cited on monday night for an alleged butt. the 22-year-old faces an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday afternoon and could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck leicester's mathew tait. the full-back required attention after the 29th-minute collision at allianz park, where vunipola was penalised for coming in at the side of a ruck but not for making contact with his head."," meanwhile, toulon are plotting a move for australia fly-half quade cooper after missing out on sale's danny cipriani, who signed a new deal in february.",0.000000
"dear lord hall,. my jeans are too tight, my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years, my friends are all incredibly right-wing and i've got hog-whimperingly drunk in the presence of david cameron on more than one occasion. but none of these are the reasons why i want you to give me jeremy clarkson's job."," so you see, dear lord tony, to me, the motor car is so much more than a set of gears and an engine.",0.000000
"a dramatic video has emerged showing the moment a group of men riding on top of a van were sent flying as it swerved around a corner. about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of sal, morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed. terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans."," losing control: video captured by a following motorist shows the van veering across two lanes while travelling at speed.",0.000000
"as a childhood friend of pop star ed sheeran it would be understandable if jonny may felt like singing the blues with the memory of being dropped by england still painfully fresh in his mind. just a couple of months after scoring a sensational first international try against new zealand, may was axed for striking the wrong note by ignoring an overlap in england's six nations win over italy. he was told to go away and learn his lessons back at gloucester."," and despite the disappointment of losing his england place to exeter's jack nowell, may has no intention of becoming a conformist any time soon.",0.000000
"liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay. psv eindhoven have confirmed united have made enquiries for holland international depay as have paris st germain but liverpool have also spoken to the player's representatives. liverpool hope to convince depay, 21, that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over united."," `but memphis is only 21-years-old and only in a few years can real conclusions be drawn.",0.000000
"aeroplanes are infamous as breeding grounds for bacteria, with tray tables, seats and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board. but an entrepreneurial team are hoping their new invention will revolutionise the cleaning of aircraft and help airlines win the battle against bacteria. arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot, called the germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.","99 per cent germ-kill rate in under 10 minutes with no damage or reaction from any cabin materials.",0.000000
"the id parade could get interesting if police catch this man who robbed a victorian petrol station dressed as a woman. brimbank crime investigation unit detectives in victoria are investigating the armed robbery at a service station in watervale on monday after it was carried out in not very ladylike fashion. a police statement said that investigators were told the cross-dressing robber entered the service station on taylors road in taylors hill just before 7."," he suddenly produced what appeared to be an imitation machine gun from a black bag and demanded the money from the till.",0.000000
"the family of adolf hitler's minister of propaganda joseph goebbels, pictured -lrb- above -rrb- in september 1934, is suing a publisher for royalties over a biography that used extracts from his diaries. the family of adolf hitler's minister of propaganda is suing a publisher for royalties over a biography that used extracts from his diaries. cordula schacht - whose own father hjalmar schacht was hitler's minister of economics - is representing joseph goebbels' estate in the case against random house germany and its imprint sidler."," 'he added:` she could have asked to see the manuscript or -lsb- told me -rsb- that i should leave out certain passages.",0.000000
"money will not play a major part in pep guardiola's contract discussions with bayern munich, according to board member jan-christian dreesen. the former barcelona boss, who led bayern to the bundesliga title and german cup in his first season in charge, has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016. chairman karl-heinz rummenigge revealed earlier this year that negotiations over a new deal will take place this summer as bayern look to extend guardiola's stay at the allianz arena."," speaking to sport bild, dreesen said: `pep is not the type of coach who is trying to make as much money as possible.",0.000000
"a judge said he had to deal with his own `revulsion 'as he jailed four care home assistants who called their dementia residents` fugly' and told one she was living in a brothel. the women, who worked at the dementia unit of the bupa-run facility, in bretton, cambridgeshire, told one woman she was going to be killed. another confused patient was told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors."," 'a fifth carer, benjamin appiah, denies ill-treating three women and will stand trial in june.",0.000000
"a man has been rescued twice in the same night after falling backwards off a boat dock for a second time when emergency services took their eyes off him. paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in sydney's darling harbour on saturday night after they received a report that a person had entered the water. the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers, but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket, the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards, landing back in the water again."," darling harbour's waters have been treacherous in the past with many people losing their lives there.",0.000000
"eden hazard is reaching the incredible standards of lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo with his `dancing feet ', says graeme souness. the chelsea star reached 100 premier league appearances for the blues at qpr on sunday and has been lauded for his fine performances for jose mourinho's side this season. sky sports pundit souness believes hazard, who has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of premier league games, will be named the pfa player of the year.","` the way he goes past players, he makes good players look ordinary.",0.000000
"louis van gaal accused manchester united's players of lacking desire after a 3-0 defeat at everton put their top four hopes back in the balance. the irritation that united's manager felt following the worst day he has experienced in the barclays premier league was obvious and he did not attempt to make any excuses for a performance that was toothless and meek from the outset. goals from james mccarthy, john stones and substitute kevin mirallas did not flatter everton and van gaal claimed the difference between the two sides came in the attitude and approach they adopted, as united could not match everton's commitment."," then you say that in the last minutes before the game, you hope you can recover and stimulate your players but by then it is too late.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a detroit mother arrested last month after police discovered the bodies of two of her children inside a freezer was arraigned this week on murder and torture charges. wayne county prosecutor kym worthy charged mitchelle angela blair on wednesday with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, stoni ann blair, and her then 9-year-old son, stephen gage berry. according to detroit police chief james craig, the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on march 24."," she has two other children, a 17-year-old daughter and an 8-year-old son, both of whom are now in in protective custody, according to worthy.",0.000000
"saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen. a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes, as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop. saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels, who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government."," in taez, the rebels took advantage of the lull in air strikes to overrun the headquarters of the 35th armoured brigade, loyal to hadi, an army officer said.",0.000000
"a former model had to be restrained by police after being caught driving - having downed a bottle of wine before she got behind the wheel. monica mcdermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her black lexus on a road in macclesfield, cheshire. the mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on churchill way and had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car, a court heard."," she was banned from driving for two years.",0.000000
"jesus christ was not a real person and is probably the result of a combination of stories about several different individuals, according to a writer and leading atheist activist. david fitzgerald, a san francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves jesus did not exist. he claims there are no contemporary mentions of jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived, yet other jewish sect leaders from the time do appear.","` what this actually seems to be is mark using the story as an allegory for the yom kippur scapegoat ritual where one goat is released into the wilderness and the other is sacrificed for god.",0.000000
"big-hearted ipswich town left back tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in his latest act of generosity. the 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account. his mother thanked him for wiping `all my debt away for the first time ever in my life ', adding that` my worries have all gone."," mings has been linked with a move to premier league side arsenal following impressive performances.",0.000000
"ronnie barker's paedophile son will share more than # 500,000 this year in royalties, according to new accounts. adam barker, who served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012, is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. the company made # 501,319 profit in the year to last june, which will be split with his sister charlotte, 53, and brother laurence, 46."," he was jailed at lsleworth crown court in october 2012 for 12 months after admitting 20 counts of making indecent images of children, 17 of which were of pre-teen boys.",0.000000
"the senate democratic leader, harry reid, says he may never again see out of one eye. 'i am sightless in my right eye,' he told fusion and univision anchor jorge ramos. reid said he is `over 'the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because' i can't see out of my eye, and that's the way it's going to be until something comes along that'll change it."," reid is pictured here on february 3 during a capitol hill news conference.",0.000000
"it appears that david luiz has taken the phrase `twiddling my hair 'literally judging by the injured paris saint-germain star's latest instagram post. the psg defender is out for at least four weeks after scans revealed that the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring in sunday's 3-2 win at ligue 1 title rivals marseille. and it seems that boredom has already kicked into the usually jovial brazilian as he sported a new hairdo on wednesday."," the centre back's new look seems to be a source of amusement for his psg team-mate lucas moura who later shared a picture with luiz among his instagram followers.",0.000000
"the shepherd's life: a tale of the lake district. by james rebanks. -lrb- allen lane # 16."," but then, nor is it wasted in the work he does on the farm, a job more reliant than most on skill and judgment.",0.000000
"detectives have released a cctv image of a woman -lrb- pictured -rrb- they want to trace after # 60 was stolen from an epileptic woman's handbag. a `despicable 'thief who stole # 60 from an epileptic woman's handbag after she collapsed and suffered a violent fit is being hunted by police. detectives have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace after the money was stolen in ryemarket shopping centre, stourbridge, west midlands."," `we'd urge anyone who believes they recognise the person in the cctv to contact us.",0.000000
"a magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming the former head of child safety at education queensland who has been charged with child sex offences. the 52-year-old has been free on bail since march, when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago. brett anthony o'connor's lawyer, phillip mulherin, applied for a suppression order in the tweed heads local court on monday."," the case was adjourned to the campbelltown court on june 10.",0.000000
"a woman told she was infertile after undergoing gruelling cancer treatment has spoken of her joy at giving birth to a baby boy. doctors told cara newton, 32, from fleet, hampshire, she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009. while mrs newton and her husband, chris, 34, were relieved that chemotherapy had worked, they were devastated to be told they would never have a family of their own."," 'mrs newton was diagnosed with ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in april 2009.",0.000000
"shane dunn, 25, from tunbridge wells, stabbed victim ian garrod, 55, in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app grindr. a drug-fuelled thug calling himself `gypsy lad 'slashed a middle-aged man around the throat with a kitchen knife after meeting him on the gay dating app grindr. shane dunn, 25, from tunbridge wells, kent, carried out the attack after going back to ian garrod's home in medway for sex in september last year.","` mr garrod was left lying on the bed with a wound that was life threatening.",0.000000
"a two-year-old boy is recovering after falling into a cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo after his parents dangled him over the edge, officials said. the toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday around 3pm. the child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene."," he said he was `shocked' and` didn't understand how the parents let the kid 'go over the railing and into the pit.",0.000000
"nearly half of the british public believe the duchess of cornwall should become queen consort when the prince of wales accedes to the throne. a new poll by yougov ahead of charles and camilla's 10th wedding anniversary reveals that 49 per cent think camilla should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king, while 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana, princess of wales and 16 per cent were undecided. when the prince and camilla became engaged in february 2005, only 7 per cent of people polled by yougov thought camilla should one day be queen."," but ms wildash said the slight decrease from 53 per cent to 49 per cent was not significant and part of a general small fluctuation.",0.000000
"jailed bigamist andrew o'clee, 36, may have been on the prowl for wife number three after a dating profile matching his description was discovered, pictured outside chichester crown court. a bigamist caught out when his wife discovered on facebook that he had secretly married his mistress may have been searching the internet for wife number three, it emerged yesterday. a web profile apparently matching that of `shameless liar 'andrew o'clee, 36, has been spotted on a dating site, where he claimed to be` looking for a relationship'."," the profile, which no longer has a picture, describes a blue-eyed` adventurer' who is `looking for a relationship 'o'clee -lrb- middle -rrb- was jailed for eight months after his first wife michelle -lrb- pictured left -rrb- exposed him as a cheat who was also married to philippa campbell -lrb- right -rrb-.",0.000000
"police have confirmed the body of a woman found in the boot of her car is that of 35-year-old missing public servant daniela d'addario. a 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car and made the grim discovery on wednesday night, in bermagui, on the nsw south coast. ms d'addario, a former teacher at canberra high school, had been in a `very tumultuous relationship 'with josaia` joey' vosikata, 27, for about four months friends say."," a 27-year-old man was arrested in the bermagui area at about 4.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- yemeni officials said saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on tuesday hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students. the information came from two officials with the governor's office in ibb province, where the school is located, as well as houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country. a third source, with the education ministry in ibb, said three students had been killed at the al bastain school in maitam, in southwestern yemen, as a result of an airstrike."," as the air india plane approached the city, the crew could see the scars of the fighting.",0.000000
"celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice. mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for united players sales. since selling prize assets armstrong and gary mackay-steven to celtic for # 2million on transfer deadline day, united have won just once, in a scottish cup tie at stranraer."," i think that will stand me in good stead.",0.000000
"most people, when scooping a massive win on the pools or national lottery, might follow the advice of a grey-suited financial adviser and buy a good-sized house, a reasonably flash car, take a couple of nice holidays and then live off the income from what's left. but the story of viv nicholson -- who died on saturday aged 79 -- is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot. when viv, a cake-factory worker from castleford in yorkshire, and her coal miner husband keith won # 152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 -- the equivalent of around # 3 million today -- she announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring.","` even his watch, 'viv would bitterly recall.",0.000000
"although st mary's hospital in london is the first choice of venue for the delivery of the royal baby, hospitals in reading and norfolk are on standby. the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years. although st mary's hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery, two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duchess leaves the capital."," 'bookmakers have predicted that the baby will arrive on april 24 or 25.",0.000000
"a gang of violent high school students were caught on camera as they brutally attacked a man. orrden williams jr. says he was outside a bp gas station in memphis, tennessee, when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment."," 'i was freaked out,' said mary fuller, who was inside the store.",0.000000
"whether it's a chocolate bar that no longer satisfies your appetite or washing powder which now runs out before your next shop, many of our big brands are shrinking their products. the latest casualty are boxes of cadbury's fingers which, it was announced yesterday, will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on. they join creme eggs, pg tips teabags and even john west tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller."," on other occasions, the clues are more subtle -- a pasta sauce taking less time to warm suggests you are getting less of it.",0.000000
"she's the reality tv star with a penchant for plunging necklines and figure-hugging fashion, but casey batchelor is keeping things super sophisticated with her new clothing range. after teasing fans with some pre-release pieces, the big brother star and glamour model has unveiled her collection with honeyz.com in full."," wearing the right clothes can make you go from feeling just ok to feeling great, which was the feeling behind my collection.",0.000000
"i couldn't wait to get out of bournemouth, even though i loved the place. it was a holiday town, a place that would send you to sleep rather than drive you forward. maybe it was the sea air; everything always manana."," but eddie has blown away those achievements.",0.000000
"tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in rio de janeiro, brazil where olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next year's games. over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of rodrigo de freitas lake, but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause. more than 37 tons of fish have been collected, according to rio's waste management company, but there is still an overwhelming stench, sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by."," authorities have long said the games would be the catalyst for a major cleanup of the city's waterways, but as the sporting event approaches with few improvements, they are now admitting that the olympic promises won't be met.",0.000000
"kate winslet was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week. her stunning body-con dress -lrb- top -rrb- had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney. but my, what big feet -- and big leopard-print stilettos -- she has!"," they certainly look big -- and match her large hands.",0.000000
"the podium girl is the centre of a `sexism storm 'after lewis hamilton sprayed champagne in her face said she wasn't offended by his stunt - and was just doing her job. the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying, who was pictured looking less than impressed. but the shanghai institute of visual art graduate, who was a` podium girl' at the chinese grand prix, said she didn't think much about the incident and wasn't annoyed."," but it wasn't all smiles at yesterday's race after a serious feud was sparked between hamilton and his teammate nico rosberg, following a press conference.",0.000000
"at a quick glance, robert mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into south africa for a state visit today. however, upon closer inspection, it was apparent that the photograph emerged after a bit of camera trickery, and the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him. the comical image emerged amid claims the president of zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him."," the photograph, which showed the president taking a fall, was turned into numerous memes, including one which super-imposed him onto kim kardashian's iconic `break the internet 'cover for paper magazine.",0.000000
"kenny jackett has told his wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over nottingham forest with another over leeds united on monday. the wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places, with their 2-1 success at the city ground all but ending the reds' chances of making a late push. wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half from benik afobe, followed by a bakary sako penalty in the 72nd minute.","` the ability to take chances is what cost us in the end.",0.000000
"sunderland are under pressure to suspend england star adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. johnson, 27, has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 -- the same day sunderland travel to arsenal -- where it is expected the case will be sent to the crown court. if found guilty, johnson faces a lengthy prison term."," 'sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.",0.000000
"sexting is `not advised for politicians', says ed miliband - and` risky if you are young, dodgy if you are older 'in the words of deputy prime minister nick clegg. both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine cosmopolitan's website. green party leader natalie bennett responded that it is `ok for other adults but not for me'."," the mail on sunday revealed exchanges involving tory official iain corby on gay dating service grindr.",0.000000
"a vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women. close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company wicked campers, after the brand failed remove `sexist 'paintings from their vans including the slogan,` in every princess, there's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once'. the brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet, prompting the company's ceo john webb to promise in july last year to remove the slogans within six months."," the members of wicked pickets have taken this literally, arming themselves with spray cans and painting over wicked camper slogans as they find them.",0.000000
"thibaut courtois has achieved a lot in a relatively short time, but the chelsea goalkeeper is not resting on his laurels with the premier league title in his sights. the 22-year-old has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years, impressing first for genk, then atletico madrid and jose mourinho's side. courtois' fine performances have helped bring with it collective success, with the blues' recent capital one cup triumph making this a fifth straight trophy-winning season for the goalkeeper."," copa del rey, uefa super cup.",0.000000
"when the ultra-rich splash out on a new superyacht, they expect it to come with all the latest accessories. and that's exactly what they get with the 223ft explorer, which comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage. with space for 12 lucky guests on board, the concept yacht from british yacht designer tony castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy and has been dubbed the `range rover of the seas'."," while the yacht has been designed with `rugged utilitarian-looking aesthetics', it is actually a sumptuous retreat at sea.",0.000000
"andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast - and under-pressure test captain alastair cook. the blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format, with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part. cook, however, is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue test century - to add to his record 25 - brought him two more failures at the top of the order in the opening match of england's series in the west indies."," 'i get fed up of people having a go at alastair cook,' the all-rounder told sky sports news, as he helped to launch this year's blast competition - back at edgbaston where he came within one more big hit of winning last year's final with lancashire.",0.000000
"hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box, iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12. the service is available in the us for $14.99 -lrb- # 9."," outside the us, hbo shows are available through online and pay tv subscription services, such as sky.",0.000000
"tony abbott may have thrilled players at an australian rules function by skolling a beer but he's drawn the ire of anti-drinking campaigners who claim he's glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze. julie robert, a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney, said it was `problematic 'that the prime minister, who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking, thought it acceptable to` showcase his masculinity' by skolling a beer. `it sets up a culture that drinking isn't about socialising with friends, it's about how quickly and how much you can drink, 'she said."," critics said he should be setting an example that you don't have to drink heavily to be a` true blue aussie bloke' it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted `skol 'and` tony' health minister sussan ley was quick to jump to mr abbott's defence saying there was `nothing wrong 'with the prime minister's antics.",0.000000
"they have long claimed to be the only genuine political party -- fighting the manipulated pr of the main westminster parties. but ukip's reputation for telling it straight was left in tatters this morning after the party's deputy leader was caught posing for a photograph to make him look more educated -- in front of a photoshopped library clutching a picture book. mr nuttall, ukip's education spokesman, appeared in the party's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called `british rebels and reformers'."," 'the bizarre row capped a day of confusion for ukip after the party's immigration spokesman appeared to contradict her own border policies.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska. the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean, tweeting images of their daunting climb as they went. ""we made it!"," but company spokeswoman kelly op de weegh told agence france-presse that the boarding was illegal and jeopardized the safety of the activists and the crew.",0.000000
"samsung famously poked fun at apple when it emerged its iphone 6 plus could bend out of shape in people's pockets. but now the south korean firm is facing a `bendgate 'controversy of its own after a video emerged claiming to show a similar flaw on the galaxy s6 edge. the company has now responded with its own video, demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy s6 models."," samsung famously poked fun at apple last year when it emerged its iphone 6 plus could bend out of shape.",0.000000
"the nfl is set to hire sarah thomas as its first permanent female official for regular season games, according to reports. the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. the baltimore sun's aaron wilson broke the story, with the nfl refusing to confirm the appointment."," thomas has a history of trailblazing since beginning her refereeing career in 1999.",0.000000
"manchester united will offer robin van persie # 5million to quit the club this summer. the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his # 250,000-a-week contract at old trafford, but united officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a # 10m loyalty bonus -- agreed when he signed from arsenal in 2012 -- to free up wages for another striker. italian giants juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move and united bosses are willing to take a cut-price fee, as they realise van persie will have to take a pay cut to join a serie a side."," and city players stand to lose # 500,000 each in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season.",0.000000
"celtic could win the scottish premiership title against closest rivals aberdeen on may 10 -- if both teams win all their games beforehand. the parkhead side face kilmarnockat parkhead on wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear. and winning their subsequent games -- with aberdeen doing likewise -- could see ronny deila's team win their fourth successive championship in the north east."," the team which finishes eleventh will be consigned to a two-leg play-off against the winners of the championship play-off.",0.000000
"an online campaign set up to raise money for a blackpool pensioner who is being sued by the club's owners has reached its # 20,000 target. frank knight, 67, posted an apology on his facebook account last week to blackpool and the oyston family, who run the fylde coast club, over allegations he made on his social network account last year. in that statement, addressed to the 34 facebook friends he had at that time, knight said he had agreed to pay damages of # 20,000 to the sky bet championship club, which prompted fellow seasiders supporter joe atherton to set up an account on the website gofundme."," over 1,000 supporters did just that, ensuring the target was met in only three days, and the account will now be kept open to provide more financial aid to fellow supporters such as steven sharpe, who blackpool announced they had taken legal action against in january following posts he made on a forum regarding oyston and the club.",0.000000
"ahead of another weekend in the barclays premier league, sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club's fixture. in or out?"," manchester united vs aston villa -lrb- 3pm -rrb-.",0.000000
"clinton jackson, 25, was jailed for 18 years for targeting the pensioners in their home. a gang of thugs who battered an 81-year-old woman with a metal bar as they ransacked her home were jailed for a total of 44 years. jermaine kellman, 29, marvin sempler, 30, clinton jackson, 25, and darren lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city, hertfordshire."," they no longer felt safe there.",0.000000
"a motorway police patrol pulled over a car on suspicion of attempting to go back in time. officers of the central motorway police group -lrb- cmpg -rrb- spotted the delorean - a replica of the car used in the back to the future films - being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between stoke-on-trent and crewe yesterday morning. officers who pulled over the famous car tweeted: `look what i've just stopped on the a500."," the car's interior even had a multi-coloured hat similar to the one used by marty mcfly in the hit movie.",0.000000
"an australian goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute. the footage shows the two-metre long reptile managing to balance at the top of the pole while swallowing its prey. the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute."," they are not picky with their choice of food either, consuming anything from insects to birds and eggs through to large mammals like possums and cats.",0.000000
"amir khan has ended speculation over his next opponent by announcing he will fight former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri on may 30. the bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure to take on british rival and ibf welterweight champion kell brook in june. however, khan, who was also linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman, said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else.","` this time i'd like to fight at the barclays center, which i've never fought at.",0.000000
"jameela spent # 3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. jameela jamil has the dazzling smile that you'd expect of a television presenter and former model. yet the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather, the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years.","' i read up on this and discovered that not only does it take time for mercury levels to drop, but vapour can be released from the mercury when the fillings are removed and leak into the system.",0.000000
"a majority of the public does not want camilla to become queen if prince charles succeeds to the throne, a poll for the daily mail reveals today. and the nation is completely split on whether charles should become king at all. only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son prince william."," yet the survey reveals how camilla's past continues to affect how she is perceived.",0.000000
"a woman who tipped the scales at almost 20st has shed nearly half her body weight after she was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight - because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her. sharon smith, 43, from halesowen, west midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat. today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday, when two years she would have struggled to walk half a mile, let alone run six."," but the turning point came for sharon after having to` squeeze' her bulky frame into seats on trains and planes.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- giovanni lo porto put himself in harm's way to help, heading to pakistan to work on a much needed reconstruction project following deadly flooding there. his work and his life, as he knew it then, came to a halt on january 19, 2012. that's when, according to italy's state-run ansa news agency, four armed men burst into the building where lo porto lived and abducted him along with colleague bernd muehlenbeck."," that community was one of many in pakistan devastated by major flooding in 2010, which covered about one-fifth of the country and left more than 1,500 people dead.",0.000000
"the wife of a navy veteran who was battered to death with a claw hammer by his crazed pensioner neighbour has spoken of how stumbling upon the bloody scene will `stay with me for ever '. enid hatch, 70, told of the horror as she ran out to the communal hallway of their sheltered housing complex near cardiff to help what she thought was an injured man, only to discover blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten yards away. the man was in fact alan rogers, 73, who had smashed the skull of 76-year-old fred hatch."," she said she had hoped they would go on as` golden oldies' together.",0.000000
"she recently turned 51 but elle macpherson's good looks, toned body and age-defying skin would have you believe otherwise. so what's her secret? the model has revealed that she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body."," i work out 45 minutes a day, six days a week, combining hiking, water skiing, swimming and running on a beach.",0.000000
"nestled in some of the most beautiful corners of the world, are tiny settlements of people who have adapted to live around nature. from villages under boulders in portugal, to floating villages in peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world. the secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises."," following furore being dubbed `the village that doesn't exist, 'the mayor decided it was time for action, and sought to put the minuscule commune on the map.",0.000000
"it looks as though everything is going swimmingly for floyd mayweather jnr as he continues his manny pacquiao mega-fight preparations. mayweather jnr caused a splash as he took to the pool before completing a few lengths as his trainer looked on during his sunday session. the video posted to his instagram also shows the 38-year-old boxer testing his muscles against the resistance of the water as he continues his impressive training routine."," pacquiao took to the mountains as he prepares to take on floyd mayweather jnr in may.",0.000000
"a 73-year-old former soldier has been charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in northern ireland more than 40 years ago. john pat cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the army in a field in benburb, co armagh, in june 1974. dennis hutchings, who has been charged with attempted murder, appeared at omagh magistrates court in co tyrone today and was released on bail."," speaking last month, di neil mcguinness of the psni said: 'i appreciate this happened more than 40 years ago but i believe there are people in the community today who remember this tragic incident, who knew john pat and who may have information which would be of assistance to the investigation.",0.000000
"it was a case of so near, yet so far for the queen today as she roared on her filly, ring of truth, at newbury today. the monarch, who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat, appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box. unfortunately for her majesty, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner."," she is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies, some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren, notably prince edward's children, lady louise and james, viscount severn.",0.000000
"a recruiting army sergeant raped a female cadet after telling her cousin 'i hope she is as sweet as she looks', a court heard today. edwin `jock 'mee, 46, who now lives in scotland, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, many of whom were young black women, on a military base in south london, during the army interview and screening process. it is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon.","' the witness replied: `after our conversation i did tell her that i want to talk it over based on the conversation i had with the gentleman and she said to me it will hamper her application.",0.000000
"isis militants besieging a palestinian refugee camp in syria's capital have savagely beheaded the leaders of a hamas-linked group opposed to president bashar assad, it has been claimed. having seized control of up to 90 per cent of the yarmouk camp in south damascus, the jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of aknaf beit al-maqdis online. like isis, the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy, although its presence in yarmouk has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the assad regime."," al-dimashqi and syrian state tv said as many as 2,000 people have left the camp.",0.000000
"this is the unfortunate moment a twelve tonne double decker bus broke down - and was pushed to safety by the driver and a group of helpful passengers. the massive bus broke down en route to the stagecoach depot in dover, kent, so the unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand. around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown african elephants.","' the group managed to roll the huge bus - which can carry up to 80 passengers - through the streets of dover.",0.000000
"a finishing school for transgender women has opened up - offering participants guidance in how to move, dress and even speak like a lady. le femme, in new jersey, offers training to those have undergone - or are undergoing - sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine. the school was created by ellen weirich, who dedicates her life to helping `trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin.","' another of ellen's regular customers for the finishing-school makeover is cross-dresser antoinette dickinson who has been visiting ellen for four-and-a-half years.",0.000000
"manchester city forward toni duggan has apologised to fans after posting a photo with manchester united manager louis van gaal on instagram. the 23-year-old shared an image of her with the united boss at wing's restaurant on sunday night after united's 4-2 win over city at old trafford. duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo, and has since removed it from instagram."," born in liverpool, duggan joined manchester city in 2013 after spending the early part of her career at everton.",0.000000
"aston villa match-winner fabian delph was left pinching himself after booking his side's place in the fa cup final at the expense of liverpool. villa skipper delph set up christian benteke's equaliser after philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds and then rounded off a superb afternoon by sweeping home nine minutes into the second half to secure a 2-1 victory. delph's strike means that tim sherwood's charges will return to wembley to face holders arsenal in next month's showpiece and the former leeds midfielder says it will be a dream come true.","' sherwood was understandably in bullish mood after the landmark victory in only his 10th match as villa boss and when asked how much he is enjoying life in the midlands he replied: ""well it's going all right at the moment.",0.000000
"two thousand miles might seem like a long way to go just for fried chicken. but two long-time friends from canada, who took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of kentucky fried chicken in corbin, kentucky, said it's a trip they'll never forget. the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario, as well as five u."," brian lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the harland sanders cafe and museum in corbin.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- at least 54 people have died and 15 others are missing after a russian fishing vessel sank off the kamchatka peninsula, according to russia's state-run tass news agency. more than 60 people were rescued thursday from the chilly waters in russia's far east. the dalniy vostok freezer trawler -- a commercial fishing vessel -- was carrying 132 people, the ministry said."," the shipwreck was swift, with the trawler going down in the sea of okhotsk within 15 minutes of getting into difficulties, the news agency reported.",0.000000
"former prime minister kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in brisbane's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million. the tropical queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago, when they snagged the norman crescent property for $384,000 in december 1994."," former australian prime minister kevin rudd and wife therese rein leave their home in brisbane in 2013, whilst their son nicholas -lrb- far right -rrb- was photographed outside the property in 2012.",0.000000
"the girlfriend of an australian baseball player who was shot in back while jogging in oklahoma appeared in court on thursday and faced his suspected killer as the prosecution rested their case. sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013. he was born in melbourne, australia, but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him."," my son would never intentionally try to hurt somebody at all.",0.000000
"new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- wall street is more than ready for hillary clinton. the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid, clinton will once again seek the democratic party's nomination for president. ""i'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time,"" clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign."," robert wolf, the former ceo of ubs americas and a close obama associate who will back clinton in 2016, said there's an ""incredible amount of enthusiasm"" for her campaign to get off the ground.",0.000000
"saracens have announced that argentina centre marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park. bosch, 31, was the hero of saracens' european champions cup quarter-final victory over racing metro 11 days ago, booting a penalty with the game's final kick to secure a 12-11 success in paris. the 33 times-capped international joined saracens from biarritz in 2013.","` since then, he has made huge improvements in his game and is constantly looking to get better as a player.",0.000000
"sami khedira is still weighing up his next move but has interest from manchester united and chelsea. united have maintained an interest in the germany international since failing to sign him in august 2013. his representatives have spoken to schalke on a number of occasions but the fifth placed bundesliga side have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package while he also has concerns about the strength of their squad."," currently impressing on-loan with rayo vallecano, kakuta is still has one year left on contract at chelsea.",0.000000
"holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight. after five customers reported having `thermal incidents', holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado - suv or ute - to have their cars checked out immediately. spanning just over a year, the models said to be affected were made in thailand between september 2013 and january 2015."," the accc monitored 307 recalls in 2014, a 14 per cent increase from 2013 where they only monitored 268 recalls.",0.000000
"she may not look it, but this 72-year-old is a master con artist. cathryn parker has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles, mainly those of hollywood production workers. but after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation."," after she serves time in northern california, she'll be sent down to los angeles county to answer for the alleged identity thefts, deputy u.",0.000000
"leicester boss richard cockerill believes that this season's aviva premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action. the tigers tackle saracens at allianz park on saturday, separated by just two points and two places with only four games left. while northampton are clear at the top, it is a different story for the three remaining play-off positions, with saracens, bath, leicester and exeter all bunched up behind saints, and mid-table wasps and sale sharks also can not be discounted."," `with being out of europe, we brought our internationals straight back into the squad against exeter -lrb- two weeks ago -rrb- because we knew they could have some down-time after that.",0.000000
"from bank overdraft fees to charges for booking tickets and even spending a penny, being a consumer can be a very expensive business. but of all the fees consumers have to fork out for the ones they hate the most are unreasonable parking charges, a survey found. they topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer direct line, followed by atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel."," renewing a passport was made # 5 cheaper to # 72.",0.000000
"the headline sounds almost too good to be true, doesn't it? but this one is perhaps as close to a sure bet as you'll find - the secret to winning at two up, australia's iconic game of chance. punting analyst mike steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the martingale betting strategy."," 'i bet $1 on heads for the first toss to win $1.",0.000000
"wedding season is fast upon us, but with the average cost of the big day hitting # 25,000, thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. but how do you create a stunning wedding venue without breaking the bank, or wow your guests with a gourmet meal sans the staggering price tag? from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be."," ask your guests to stand: consider a standing ceremony if you're tying the knot outside to save on renting chairs.",0.000000
"many people have experienced the loss of a childhood pet, but for one little boy, a funeral for his goldfish was almost too much to bear. the pet in question? a goldfish, named top."," it has so far racked up 374,551 views.",0.000000
"florists in rural georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to indiana's religious freedom restoration act, but say they would deny service to gay people regardless of the legality. jennifer williams, of jeff davis county, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but `it doesn't mean that i love them any less. 'conservative christian shop owners have recently come under fire after an indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation in the state."," multiple shop owners in her county, named for the president of the confederacy, said that they would like their own state to let them legally deny service for gay weddings.",0.000000
"if you're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom. from red walls to bright white lightbulbs and clutter under the bed, there are many things you may never have considered that are preventing you from getting a good night's rest. a new infographic from london furniture company made."," sleep experts say... lighting the path to rest.",0.000000
"the afghan taliban has published a bizarre biography of their `charismatic 'supreme leader mullah omar - praising the one-eyed terrorist's` special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. in a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of isis in the central asian country, the taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the extremist in celebration of his 19th year as leader. the taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently, with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric who has not been seen since the 2001 us-led invasion."," the enigmatic, remote figure has not made a public appearance since the 2001 invasion, and has hardly ever been photographed.",0.000000
"it's amazing what a bit of make-up can do. in a startling new tutorial youtube star promise tamang turns herself into maleficent, angelina jolie's character from the movie of the same name. but where the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones, promise's bone structure is a result of clever contouring."," when she posted a picture taken from the tutorial to instagram many of her followers couldn't believe their eyes.",0.000000
"a parolee who crashed into and killed a newlywed mother while fleeing police in a high speed pursuit apologized to her husband as he was sentenced to at least 20 years' in jail. john mccallum, 27, was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder after he broadsided francesca weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police following a botched burglary. the crash at an intersection in redford, detroit, flipped mrs weatherhead's vehicle and killed her on october 6 last year."," he said: `if i could have avoided the death of her, i would have.",0.000000
"he scored the two goals at the etihad that saw off manchester city in the last 16, he scored in the clasico to leave the league title in barcelona's hands, and with two more goals on wednesday in the parc des princes, luis suarez put his team practically in the champions league semi-finals. he is starting to look like # 75million very well spent -- especially in view of the fact that david luiz, the man he nutmegged twice en route to both goals on wednesday, cost # 50m. the spanish call the nutmeg a `tunnel 'and in catalonia they are hailing the` eurotunnels' that have led barcelona to within two games of the berlin final on june 6.","` we have seen him do it before for ajax and liverpool,' said luis enrique after wednesday's game.",0.000000
"manchester city's youngsters finished off a job well done against leicester city, adding to their 3-0 first-leg lead with two late goals from isaac buckley and brandon barker at the king power stadium. layton ndukwu had given leicester hope of clawing back the advantage with 20 minutes to go but substitute buckley and barker struck to kill that dream off and set up a final against chelsea later this month. city will face chelsea at a venue, likely to to be the city football academy stadium, in the first leg on april 20 before travelling to stamford bridge a week later on april 27."," that opportunity was one he gratefully accepted, confidently dispatching his spot-kick past haug.",0.000000
"a selection of thirsty animals were captured drinking water in their own unique way -- and the results are hilarious. elad hershkowitz, a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv, placed a gopro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives. the animals -- ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it -- were recorded for a total of 30 hours."," eventually however, they got used to the camera's presence and drank freely.",0.000000
"a married teacher was caught having sex with his model lover in a classroom at a top catholic private school. tutor colin turnbull, 69, was found in a `compromised position 'with rozina khanim by a governor at the # 13,000-a-year independent priory school in edgbaston, birmingham. the fee-paying school's facilities manager kevin bird walked in on the pair while they were engaged in a sex act during an entrance exam day."," the teacher has worked at the school for nine years, hiring out a room to offer private tuition to pupils looking to pass the 11 +, the mirror reported.",0.000000
"an iowa politician is on trial this week accused of sexually abusing his wife after doctors said she was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. when henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown, it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple, both previously widowed. but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as donna's health began to fail."," drew on call show on the hln network, his son dale rayhons said the police interview was taken out of context.",0.000000
"trainer roger varian insists he has not lost faith in belardo after the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturday's greenham stakes. but varian's determination to keep the son of lope de vega away from the fast ground he encountered at newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the french 2,000 guineas rather than the british equivalent at newmarket on may 2. andrea atzeni riding belardo to win the dubai dewhurst stakes at newmarket racecourse."," frankie dettori will have to choose whether to ride him or john quinn's the wow signal.",0.000000
"a youngster admiring his catch was left surprised when the fish jumped up and slapped him in the face. quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake, indiana when the pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. crouching over the fish, quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water."," worried, the youngster replies rather sweetly:` by me?",0.000000
"a man who was lost at sea for 66 days, surviving on just fish and rainwater, has left hospital and is in surprisingly good health. louis jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital, despite more than two months exposed to the elements. the coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn."," mccollum, of the helicopter crew, said jordan had slight bruising on his right clavicle, but it didn't appear serious:` he was moving that arm so fluidly, without any skip and there wasn't any sign of pain in his face as he was moving.",0.000000
"gary hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner to keep norwich city on track for automatic promotion in the sky bet championship after neil lennon's battling bolton came within minutes of gaining a point. former celtic star hooper's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the canaries bench in contrast to the dejection of his one-time parkhead boss neil lennon. indeed, hooper had been a transfer target for lennon earlier in the season so his winning goal was a double blow for the ulsterman."," lennon had promised his side would spoil a few parties in the remaining games of the season with brantford and bournemouth coming up in the next few weeks.",0.000000
"tv insiders say lily james -lrb- pictured -rrb-, who stars in the new disney cinema hit cinderella, would be ideal as mary in the new tv adaptation. they were left broken-hearted when writer julian fellowes announced that the next series of downton abbey would be the last. but at least the hit show's millions of fans can now look forward to more fun from the oscar winner."," he revealed plans for the new drama at a dinner held at the athenaeum club in london on friday night to celebrate the bicentenary of trollope's birth.",0.000000
"a woman who is five months pregnant and was fired from her job at popeyes after an armed robber made off with $400 on her shift says she has been offered her job. only marissa holcomb isn't so sure she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain in channelview, texas. the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31, however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen, with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time.","` they got what they got because that's what we made within one hour,' she said.",0.000000
"st etienne want to sign cardiff full-back kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal. the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million but has been on loan with st etienne this season."," st etienne defender kevin theophile-catherine shields the ball from psg forward zlatan ibrahimovic.",0.000000
"pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday to light up the empire state building in new york cosmos green ahead of the start of the new season. as has become tradition, the top of the iconic building in new york has turned green for the weekend to celebrate the start of cosmos' north american soccer league season, and the occasion was marked by two very special guests. beckenbauer and pele are two of the greatest footballers ever to have lived, and the pair played for new york cosmos together in the late 1970s."," 'i thank god for this moment, for this help.",0.000000
"the red cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into yemen after receiving approval from the saudi-led military coalition, an icrc spokeswoman said. the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis. the coalition now controls the country's ports and air space."," the air and sea campaign has targeted houthi convoys, missiles and weapons stores and cut off any possible outside reinforcements - although the houthis deny saudi accusations that they are armed by tehran.",0.000000
"britain is likely to face a second election shortly after may 7 because of a knife-edge outcome, political experts have warned. the likelihood of another coalition lasting five years has been dismissed as miniscule by a leading academic. a second election swiftly after polling day is `extremely likely ', professor paul whiteley of the university of essex said."," mr whiteley predicted a repeat of the disastrous left-wing lib-lib pact of the 1970s.",0.000000
"a gay-friendly bar has shocked regular customers by coming out in favour of ukip because of its policies on the pub industry. the harewood arms in wakefield, west yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party, which is running a `save the pub 'campaign in the run up to the election. the pub, which is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises, declared its support for nigel farage's party over the weekend.","` cider and perry makers would be hit by rising costs as a result of this eu diktat which will leave a sour taste in the mouths of small-scale producers.",0.000000
"a nurse has been suspended after she removed the alarm buzzer from a brain-damaged patient and told a disciplinary hearing she `wasn't interested 'in the case. vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by the nursing and midwifery council after failing to turn up at the hearing. she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke, 45, at a rehabilitation unit at sevenoaks hospital in kent."," when ms moore attempted to speak to a nurse about her partner's `unacceptable care 'she was allegedly told,` point taken, but do bear in mind that we have eight other patients'.",0.000000
"meet the 11-year-old boy with a rare life-threatening disease that means he can't go out in the sun without breaking into a severe rash and his throat can swell so much it almost closes over. damon muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis -lrb- jdm -rrb- in november - a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. the disease has robbed damon, from gladstone in central queensland, of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun - something his mother nicci moynahan says has been very difficult."," he couldn't move his arms, he couldn't dry himself, wipe himself.",0.000000
"for a luxurious beach holiday with a decidedly aerial element, look no further than the st. regis abu dhabi. located in the centre of the city, the signature suite, which rents for a staggering aed 100,000 -lrb- # 18,188 -rrb- per night, hovers an impressive 200m -lrb- 656ft -rrb- above the ground."," suspended 200m in the air, the abu dhabi suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world, overlooking the arabian gulf.",0.000000
"arsenal fan tv favourite claude callegari may well have been speaking for a number of gunners fans when demanding for the cesc fabregas flag to be taken down from the side of the emirates stadium. fabregas, who left arsenal for barcelona in 2011, has been enjoying an impressive return to english football in the blue of chelsea, leaving some gunners fans questioning why his image still adorns the stadium's ken friar bridge. known for his arsenal-related rants, claude asks: 'i want to know why that is still on the bridge?"," 'fabregas is set to start against his former team on sunday as jose mourinho's side travel to the emirates in search of three points against their nearest premier league rivals.",0.000000
"eden hazard has admitted an intense campaign with chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at the best of his ability after he was substituted just 62 minutes into belgium's win over israel on tuesday. hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country, missing just five matches for chelsea and being an ever-present in their barclays premier league title charge. but as belgium struggled to a hard-fought 1-0 win over israel in european championship qualifying group b, hazard was withdrawn by manager marc wilmots with 28 minutes to go having found it difficult to get the better of his marker orel dgani."," i've played a lot of games this season.",0.000000
"prisoner carlos boente -lrb- pictured -rrb- was jailed for five years after he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, harassment and a phone possession charge. a serving prisoner has been jailed for making a teenager's life a misery by bombarding her with thousands of texts after he received her number from a cellmate. carlos boente, 33, was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in november 2013."," `this is a highly unusual case which demonstrates boente's ability to control, manipulate and harass young women.",0.000000
"with many homes under the hammer this weekend, australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country. a pain and gain report released by corelogic for the december quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit. when being compared to their prior purchase price, only 8."," it will go for auction between $3 and $4 million, with the current expected price being left as a surprise.",0.000000
"a prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail. royston coates, who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding, boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures. he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons."," dashem tesfamichael, 30, who stabbed a young father to death in 2006, clutched a glass of illegal alcohol in the clip, which also showed a large stash of party food.",0.000000
"convict: small time drug dealer rudy guede, 29, is currently serving a 16-year sentence for the murder. the only person convicted for the murder of british student meredith kercher has declared that he will seek a retrial, following the sensational exoneration of amanda knox. small time drug dealer rudy guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in perugia, italy."," the italian justice system is currently being overhauled because of its cost, contradictions and inefficiency.",0.000000
"an attacker got more than he bargained for - when his chosen victim floored him twice with her martial arts skills after he tried to rape her. the unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in the eastern province of shandong, china. she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet, the people's daily reported."," the entire, extraordinary drama was captured on security cameras inside and outside the restaurant, which police used to trace the man.",0.000000
"a woman who died suddenly was eaten by her pet dogs after her body lay undiscovered for days, an inquest was told. noelle baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door. the body had been partially eaten by the jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier, which are initially thought to have tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food."," however a pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs, who were trapped in the house, ate parts of her vital organs.",0.000000
"pusok sported a black eye in his booking photo after the beating. a california county on tuesday approved paying a $650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit by a man whose beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video. san bernardino county spokesman david wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old francis pusok in a closed meeting."," a court hearing has been scheduled for june 16, but san bernardino county prosecutors said monday that they had not yet made a decision on whether to file formal charges against pusok.",0.000000
"hundreds of staff at the royal courts of justice and london school of economics were evacuated again today after a building due to be demolished collapsed `like a pancake 'injuring a 56-year-old workman. workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building - sending a huge cloud of dust into the air. the terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 bringing parts of central london to a standstill and costing local firms # 40million."," the building, located directly behind lse, is just yards from where the underground cable fire started at the beginning of april, bringing parts of central london to a standstill.",0.000000
"forget helicopters and bmws, could the ultimate symbol of wealth be clothes made from gold? on a catwalk show which took place in xi'an, the capital city of north-western china's shaanxi province, models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal. including underwear and a chain-mail style shirt which it has been revealed would be worth around # 40,000."," 'it took 30 craftsmen three month to make this shirt which is mean out of real gold and has a chain-mail style.",0.000000
"officers who rushed to the scene of the colorado theater shooting entered a hellish world of bloody victims, noxious smells and blaring sounds - a gloomy darkness pierced by bright flashes from a fire alarm, police testified wednesday. `it was dim, the movie was still playing, the alarm was going off, 'aurora police officer annette brook told jurors in the trial of gunman james holmes.' i began to notice the bodies, the live victims, the blood."," they will call their own witnesses after the prosecution rests.",0.000000
"smoking, pregnant, covered in dirt and down-and-out - it's not how we pictured a superhero. but that's exactly how they have been imagined in this amusing photo series that reveals how the good guys could end up after their life fighting crime comes to an end. photographer martin beck has snapped captain america, iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime and portrays how they are instead focusing on the struggles of getting through the week."," they live among us, they surround us, and they are everywhere.",0.000000
"ferguson, missouri -lrb- cnn -rrb- change has come to ferguson. after months of turmoil and upheaval, months of frustration and anger, the beleaguered city has a new governing board. and it looks very different than the old one."," jackson echoed the thoughts of other ferguson residents who experienced something new in this election: candidates coming to their door.",0.000000
"an irish tourist accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument in sydney has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge. barry lyttle, 33, will now be sentenced in sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court, where people could face up to 10 years for that offence. patrick lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3."," barry lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm.",0.000000
"a judge has given a new york city woman permission to become the first person to legally file for divorce from her elusive husband via a facebook message. the woman's lawyer says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper. the daily news says victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message."," `this transmittal shall be repeated by plaintiff's attorney to defendant once a week for three consecutive weeks or until acknowledged.",0.000000
"wigan chairman david sharpe is adamant the decision to axe malky mackay in favour of rookie boss gary caldwell less than 24 hours later was the right call. struggling latics moved on to their third manager of the season on tuesday as former club captain caldwell was swiftly appointed in a permanent capacity after mackay's disastrous five-month tenure had ended the previous day. mackay left the club languishing in the sky bet championship relegation zone after taking just 19 points from a possible 72 and caldwell, who at 32 is the football league's youngest manager, inherits a team eight points adrift of safety with just five games to go."," but rather than making an interim appointment until the end of the season, sharpe made the bold call to hand caldwell a rolling contract which will see him in charge at the dw stadium next season, regardless of what division they are in.",0.000000
"they have been married for less than a year and already there's a baby on the way. on tuesday jessa duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald, 19. `we're expecting!"," soon after the announcement was made, anna duggar -lrb- middle -rrb- shared an image of jessa -lrb- right -rrb- showing off her bump in a twitter photo.",0.000000
"aston villa owner randy lerner didn't attend wembley on sunday after his aunt passed away. the 53-year-old american had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss tim sherwood said: `i've not spoken to him yet. my phone is buzzing in my pocket but i don't know who it is."," he's the biggest aston villa fan i know.",0.000000
"it changed the world with its flat-pack furniture and now ikea wants to save the planet... with vegetarian meatballs. the dish loved by millions of british customers is to get a meat-free makeover that it is claimed will cut carbon emissions by half. the swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety."," the flat packed idea came while shipping a table by rail.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it's the kind of thing you see in movies, like robert redford's role in ""all is lost"" or ang lee's ""life of pi."" but, in real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months and somehow living to talk about it. miracles do happen, though, and not just in hollywood."," he headed into the gulf stream looking for a good spot to catch fish.",0.000000
"labour leader ed miliband read from motivational notes during the leaders' televised debate -lrb- above -rrb-. he was widely criticised for his robotic performance in last week's debate as he failed to land a convincing blow on david cameron. now it has emerged ed miliband was reading from motivational notes during the leaders' clash -- including one reminding him to be a `happy warrior '."," what do all the weird soundbites on miliband's crib sheet mean?",0.000000
"lord janner sent a `thank you 'christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday. lord janner sent a` thank you' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday. the officer said he was appalled by the labour peer's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner's alleged sex abuse.","` he suspected there may have been some attempt to influence the decision by the dpp, although there was no proof.",0.000000
"an apartment house where only high-paying tenants can use the gym may be illegally discriminating, city human rights officials warned this week. it's the latest salvo in an ongoing struggle between property developers to build or maintain rent-stabilized apartments alongside luxury units that go for thousands of dollars more a month. other building have installed so-called `poor doors' for use by rent-stabilized tenants while full-rent residents get to use the front door."," `this will send a clear message: this is really just unacceptable, 'she said by phone.",0.000000
"from kittens for sale to handymen for hire, the majority of ads posted in newsagents' windows are practical ones. but for one lonely heart, it proved the perfect alternative to internet dating after a man, known only as john, used it to advertise for someone special. in the post, which has gone viral after being photographed and put online, the man sets out his requirements and offers' a way of life with quality '."," it then details a phone number and says: `contact... or call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs.",0.000000
"the average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and four in 10 bought a tablet in the last year. smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, at 1."," iab chief strategy officer tim elkington said: `advertisers are increasing their digital budgets to reach people as they go online through an increasing array of devices.",0.000000
"tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new nfl london franchise. the bold design of the new # 400million stadium, due to be completed for the start of the 2018-19 season, could involve a `slide-out 'grass football pitch with an nfl-style synthetic surface housed underneath. the option of extra-large changing rooms, to accommodate nfl squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game, is also being explored by architects."," the gelredome in holland also has a retractable pitch, as does the university of phoenix stadium that hosted this year's super bowl.",0.000000
"authorities say police officers shot and killed a suburban st. louis black man after he charged at them with a knife. a police body camera recorded the interaction."," louis television station kmov reports that belmar says the man had access to a sword and that officers tried but failed to engage him in conversation.",0.000000
"chelsea do consider their sponsorship interests when the club buys a new player but the blues would never sign someone who isn't good enough, insists manager jose mourinho. the west london club, who agreed a # 200million sponsorship deal with japanese tyre manufacturers yokohama rubber in february, are believed to have made an offer for fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto. the 22-year-old international would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer, although mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy.","it is not nice for me to speak about other players.",0.000000
"they are some of the most violent events on the planet, throwing out millions of tonnes of gas, ash and molten rock with each eruption. yet the majority of the world's volcanoes are found deep underwater where immense water pressure does weird things to the lava that bubbles out of them. now scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes - and they are surprisingly quiet for such a violent event."," the researchers claim these eruptions appear to be linked to changes in the earth's orbit that occur over time.",0.000000
"bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar. the university, in ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on march 21. the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a `woman's head and moving it toward your crotch 'and calling another woman a` b ****', the same evening."," i am certain she would not appreciate his behavior.",0.000000
"john helm was commentating on bradford city's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze. it was a day i have often tried to forget, but it was the one i must always remember."," as son james said to me: `he put that club above everything else, including family and business.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the islamic state of iraq and syria. after all, this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from the beheadings of journalists to burning a jordanian pilot alive. such moves are part of this murky group's propaganda and its deliberate efforts to manipulate information."," in the long run, isis might very well find that its greatest foes lie within its so-called caliphate.",0.000000
"jimmy anderson is unique. from the moment he emerged as a raw youngster in the england team you could see that. england have always produced swing bowlers but not one with anderson's skills."," you have to take him on occasionally and that's healthy.",0.000000
"britain struck oil in the falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with argentina over the ownership of the islands. above, troops walk across the island in 1982. argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the falklands coast, as tension rise on the 33rd anniversary of the conflict."," the south american state still claims territorial rights to the islands.",0.000000
"video footage has emerged of a drunken stag party group who caused mayhem on a flight from scotland to spain. fellow passengers sat stunned as the yobs - some of whom were shirtless - sung and swore their way from glasgow to alicante on a jet2 flight last friday morning. witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing."," he was banned from flying back.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a judge this week sentenced a former tsa agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker while she was in the bathroom, prosecutors said. during the investigation, detectives with the metro nashville police department in tennessee also found that the agent, 33-year-old daniel boykin, entered the woman's home multiple times, where he took videos, photos and other data. police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on boykin's phone and computer."," ""we are thankful that the sentence includes periodic confinement so that the sentence will hopefully make an impression on this defendant and others,"" hunter said in a statement.",0.000000
"child protection services have again seized the two `free range 'children of a mother and father whose unusual approach to parenting has become a national debate. danielle and alexander meitiv, both scientists in maryland, made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi, 10 and dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own. on sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.",""" what the meitiv case did was pivot the story to: ""give your kid one second of freedom and the government will arrest you.",0.000000
"a pre-med student in new york city is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line. lizzie cochran, a student at columbia university, has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs, which she came up with after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes, and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history. `the one that jumped out at me was the flu of 1918 virus, 'lizzie told today."," from the petri dish to the yoga pant: epidemia legging, s like the pair featuring a lung x-ray design pictured, will initially be priced at around $75.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- thump. the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams."," ""i wouldn't say it would be as restaurant quality when it gets to them, but it's edible,"" newton said.",0.000000
"disgraced: christopher wheeler, 54, has been sentenced to 50 years in prison for dealing child pornography -lrb- mugshot from 2013 -rrb-. a disgraced former headmaster of a $27,000-a-year prep school has been sentenced to 50 years in prison for dealing child pornography. christopher wheeler, 54, who worked at the exclusive tower hill school in delaware, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in wilmington in october 2013."," property: police discovered more than 2,000 images of children engaging in sex acts with men during a raid on his school-owned mansion in wilmington, delaware -lrb- pictured -rrb-.",0.000000
"chelsea manager jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side's staggeringly low possession stat during the 1-0 win over manchester united and all that mattered to him was achieving a positive result. the blues, who secured victory through forward eden hazard's first-half strike, held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at stamford bridge - their lowest total over 90 minutes since opta started recording this sort of data in 2006. united were also able to string together over 400 more successful passes than the home side."," hazard -lrb- right -rrb- jumps for the ball ahead of untied defender tyler blackett -lrb- left -rrb- during the 1-0 win on saturday.",0.000000
"australia's most notorious serial killer could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, had the `wrong man 'not been sent to prison, a new investigation has claimed. channel seven's sunday night will tell the story of ivan milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution, before going on to butcher seven backpackers. the revelation includes first-hand evidence from milat's older brother, boris, into the killer's` secret victim'."," milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992.",0.000000
"kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at a university where nearly 150 people were killed by islamist militants, according to reports. elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa, some 225miles from the capital, to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university, but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon, local media claims. the critique comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official.","` if you look at how we responded it was not bad at all, say, compared to westgate,' he told the nation.",0.000000
"adding a gritty edge to tuesday at mercedes benz fashion week australia, phoenix keating, alice mccall, zhivago and khim hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk. punk fashion took to the runway at sydney's carriageworks, with stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk. khim hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers."," fashion bloggers star margaret zhang teamed up with the designer to style the runway show.",0.000000
"dundee boss paul hartley has warned that paul mcgowan may not feature in any of the team's remaining six games this season because he fears playing the troubled midfielder could see him break his police curfew and end up in prison. after his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer, mcgowan escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks. that has already ruled him out of the evening matches with celtic at dens park on wednesday and at parkhead on friday may 1, but hartley fears that even playing in the three remaining games in the city of discovery, which kick off at 3pm, could leave the player at risk of breaching his order.","` he has a curfew and we don't want him to break it.",0.000000
"newcastle stand-in skipper moussa sissoko is facing disciplinary action after he was sent off following a reckless challenge on liverpool midfielder lucas leiva during monday's 2-0 defeat at anfield. the france international was given a second yellow card for the offence, but head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red. `the club will deal with that situation, 'he said when asked if sissoko - who is now banned for two matches - would be punished."," we have to improve our discipline.",0.000000
"they may not be much of a match in terms of size - but that proved no obstacle for the budding friendship between this tiny kitten and the dalmatian who towers over him. uno, just three weeks old, and louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in spokane, washington, earlier this month. the clip begins with one of the pogue family, who recently adopted uno, tentatively holding him before the two pets are introduced."," throughout the exchange louie's mother, whom the family adopted at the same time as the kitten, looks on approvingly.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a new york city detective has been suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid, according to police spokesman stephen davis. surveillance video obtained by cnn affiliate news 12 brooklyn appears to show det. ian cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the yemen deli and grocery store in brooklyn last friday."," fritz glemaud, who was heading the raid, was placed on modified duty, davis said.",0.000000
"passengers on board a virgin atlantic flight from las vegas to gatwick who endured a 33-hour delay have described the incident as `excruciating 'and` an absolute nightmare.' flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4.30 pm local time on easter monday.","` we deserve a lot more and, by taking a group action, we can work together to get this.",0.000000
"help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep world war ii veteran robert clark in his own home after a london council refused to pay for his ongoing care. brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old former prisoner of war, despite the fact that mr clark spent his # 50,000 life savings on contributing to his care. now, the council want to move mr clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper."," alternatively, he could choose to receive the same weekly sum and stay at home, but would have to pay the extra amount necessary for a carer.",0.000000
"daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday after being left out of their game against newcastle united with an injury problem. liverpool striker sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for monday night's barclays premier league clash at anfield after picking up a knock against blackburn rovers last week. and now manager brendan rodgers has admitted that his star striker, who has missed much of the season through injury, will have his fitness monitored ahead of the wembley clash on sunday.","` there's still 21 points to work hard for and get, 'he said on sky sports.",0.000000
"joel ward has put pen to paper on a new three-and-a-half year contract at crystal palace, keeping him at the south london club until the summer of 2018. the 25-year-old, who has impressed at both left and right back for the eagles this season, has been a mainstay in the first team, making 35 appearances in all competitions. speaking to the club's official website about his new deal, ward said: `i'm really pleased."," ward has played every minute of palace's premier league campaign this season, under three different managers, and his performances have warranted some shouts for an england call-up.",0.000000
"a mysterious benefactor has donated # 1.5 million to bath abbey which was posted to church in a plain brown envelope. the donor, who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named, sent the money along with a note, saying they wanted to help safeguard the church `for the next hundred years'.","1 million themselves by the end of the year.",0.000000
"it was meant to be the ultimate symbol of menace: carving '666' into his forehead. but in a phenomenal case of idiocy, convicted murderer nikko jenkins used a mirror - so the numbers came out backwards. the symbol is described in the biblical book of revelation as `the sign of the beast ', and has since been popularized by the horror movie the omen."," it is believed jenkins may use his latest botched case of self-mutilation as further evidence that he is mentally unstable.",0.000000
"more than 140 children have been removed from their classes at schools in washington because they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations. health experts in the us have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic because a growing number of people are not getting vaccinated against the virus and are being exposed to the rest of the population. the virus has swept several states in america and california and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago."," in a 1998 uk study the triple mmr vaccine was linked to autism, causing parents to panic and refuse to get their children vaccinated - leading to a rise in cases and resulting deaths and permanent injuries.",0.000000
"philadelphia might mean the city of brotherly love in greek, but the sentiment of the name apparently doesn't always doesn't apply to philly's female residents. at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon. the fight broke out at a store location in the city's rittenhouse square neighborhood."," in a youtube of the fight, someone said: 'i just came in here to get a suit.",0.000000
"qpr have confirmed that eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury that is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks. the 25-year-old opened the scoring in saturday's 4-1 win over west brom but picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly and had to be replaced in the first half. `scans have since revealed vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury, which is likely to keep him sidelined for between 10-12 weeks, 'read a statement on the club's website."," vargas is the third qpr player to sustain an mcl injury since the turn of the year.",0.000000
"england suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice `match 'here in st kitts when stuart broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor. broad had complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain, after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at warner park. the groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery broad slipped and went crashing to the ground, a blow which necessitated lengthy treatment before he left the field."," broad went off to receive ice treatment and returned to the action shortly afterwards.",0.000000
"rory mcilroy's powers of persuasion have resulted in us open champion martin kaymer, former world number one luke donald and american ryder cup star patrick reed confirming their participation in the dubai duty free irish open. mcilroy's foundation is hosting the event at royal county down from may 28-31 and the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field, who will compete for a prize fund of # 1.8 million, an increase of 25 per cent from last year."," 'the nature of the course means that spectator numbers will be limited to 20,000 a day, although 5,000 grandstand seats will be erected.",0.000000
"the irs' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. for those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday.","` it's simply a matter of not having enough people to answer the phones and provide service at our walk-in sites as a result of cuts to our budget.",0.000000
"hundreds of seals are being killed in british waters in order to protect stocks of salmon and other fish which are destined for supermarket shelves. the seal cull even takes place during the animals' breeding season - meaning that some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead. farmers say the seal killings are essential to stop the animals from destroying fish stocks off the coast of scotland and northern england, but campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish."," outside scotland, it is legal to kill seals without any need for a licence - meaning that there is no way of measuring exactly how many die every year.",0.000000
"a church preacher is being held on suspicion of murdering his pregnant british wife in a hotel room in ghana. the body of charmain adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. her husband, eric isaiah adusah, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died."," a foreign office spokesman said: `we confirm the death of a british national in ghana.",0.000000
"a dutchman abducted by al qaeda in mali nearly four years ago has been freed after a raid by french special forces. the french military said the rescue of sjaak rijke took place at 5am today in the far north of the african country. french president francois hollande said some militants were killed and others captured."," hostage-taking has proved to be a lucrative business in mali, other sahel countries and further afield in the war zone of syria and iraq.",0.000000
"breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic `markers' breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic` markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness. after surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened, and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning. for some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent, which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy."," i was worried it would interfere with me being able to look after my children.",0.000000
"the 16-year-old girl who survived a deadly axe attack that claimed the lives of three of her family, has absolutely no recollection of the horrific incident. marli van breda, who used to live with her family in perth, western australia, was released from hospital last month after she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an attack in january. the attack took place in her family's south african home on january 27 and marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia."," police leaving he de zalze housing estate in stellenbosch, south africa, where three members of the van breda family were killed and two injured on january 27.",0.000000
"celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual coachella valley music and arts festival - the first big arts and music festival of the summer season. as in previous years, the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks, tame impala, alabama shakes and interpol. this year's lineup includes rapper drake, florence and the machine, fka twigs, david guetta, the weeknd, kasabian, alt-j and toro y moi among others."," a couple of friends relax on the grass as they pose for a picture during the festival which attracted a massive crowd.",0.000000
"he is regarded as the next big thing in south american football and he's coming to the premier league. chelsea are set to confirm the # 4.5 m signing of nathan allan de souza on wednesday, beating rivals manchester city to his signature."," in london to sign my contract with chelsea and take tests' full name: nathan allan de souza.",0.000000
"portugal striker nelson oliveira is determined to take his swansea chance presented to him by the absence of the in-form bafetimbi gomis. oliveira has won 14 caps for his country and was once linked to a # 24million move to manchester united, but his career has stalled at benfica and swansea is his third loan spell in as many seasons. the 23-year-old has found it tough to make an impression in south wales but he is set to make his second barclays premier league start at bottom club leicester on saturday with gomis sidelined by hamstring trouble."," manager garry monk is set to hand oliveira only the second premier league start of his career at swansea.",0.000000
"former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton got her budding presidential campaign's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 benghazi terror attacks on tuesday night, and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping. the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington, d.c."," he said he believes clinton's performance before, during and after should disqualify her from holding higher office.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the world learned his name after he was killed by a south carolina police officer. but in his life, 50-year-old walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged. ""he was outgoing -- loved everybody, -lrb- was -rrb- very known in the community and got along with everybody,"" his brother anthony scott told cnn's don lemon."," he was pronounced dead at the scene.",0.000000
"an eight-year-old girl showed off her hand speed and overall boxing prowess while completing a pad work drill with her father. evnika saadvakass, from kazakhstan, became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress."," the young boxer stands in an orthodox stance as she throws hundreds of quick punches at her father.",0.000000
"if virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season's player of the year awards, celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive seeking clarification on the reasons. the prospect of a treble evaporated last sunday, an afternoon ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career. `i sat and stared at the walls, 'said the norwegian of the aftermath."," a fourth successive title looks to be a question of when and not if.",0.000000
"an obsessive arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. marking her answers with red pen, she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, to which he commented, `well done saskia!"," however, when she got an answer wrong, her examiner wrote the correct answer in capitals and drew an angry face.",0.000000
"manchester united manager louis van gaal has praised the resurrection of marouane fellaini as the big belgian prepares to play in the fixture that marked the low point of his old trafford career 12 months ago. on march 25 last year, fellaini was jeered by both city and united fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 united defeat that proved the deathknell to the manager who signed him, david moyes. even more hurtfully, reds legend paul scholes was scathing about fellaini's united career up that point, saying on television: `i'd be expecting a lot more of him.","` de gea has had a marvellous season and everybody knows that.",0.000000
"defending champion czech republic reached the fourth fed cup final in five years by defeating france after petra kvitova won the first reverse singles sunday. in a match of two big-hitting players, fourth-ranked kvitova beat world no 29 caroline garcia 6-4, 6-4 for an insurmountable 3-0 lead in the semifinals. after failing to serve out the match at 5-2, kvitova converted her first match point in her following service game with a passing forehand shot."," the czech republic are the current reigning champions and have been in four finals in five years.",0.000000
"david haye was arrested at dubai airport and held in a police cell over a # 341,000 bounced cheque, it has been reported. former two-weight world champion haye, 34, was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. the boxer, who has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012, also handed over his passport to authorities, and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend."," in the video, which he captioned `don't worry about me too much!",0.000000
"brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind the him of his responsibilities as a role model - but the liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe. sterling was critcised by rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside young team-mate jordon ibe. however, the midfielder has once again not been fined after the liverpool boss spoke to him as well as ibe on thursday and the club insist the case is now closed."," sterling celebrates with ibe after he opened the scoring against newcastle in the premier league on monday.",0.000000
"monaco coach leonardo jardim put the finishing touches to his squad's preparation on tuesday as the french club geared up for the second leg of their champions league quarter-final against juventus. dimitar berbatov and co were put through their paces ahead of the clash at stade louis ii on wednesday with the bulgarian striker insisting a place in the last four is within their reach. a second-half arturo vidal penalty in turin last week ensured that juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage."," the squad are put through heir paces ahead of wednesday's clash at stade louis ii.",0.000000
"the irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has avoided jail. barry lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick. patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3."," he said barry was of good character, remorseful and unlikely to re-offend.",0.000000
"a 16-year-old schoolboy is fighting for his life in a coma after being driven to attempt suicide following months of bullying by a gang who slashed him in the face. bradley parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through. his mother tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in coventry."," people know all about this gang and they are arrested for all sorts.",0.000000
"the vaccine, known as rts, s, took 30 years to develop but it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives. a new jab against malaria could prevent millions of cases, scientists claim. researchers say the vaccine, which has just completed the final stages of testing, could make a `substantial contribution 'to controlling the disease."," but the protection waned over time, boosters worked less well than the initial dose and the vaccine was not as effective in younger children, a report in the lancet journal says.",0.000000
"it's not every day two senior barristers in the nation's highest court go head to head over the fate of a pooch on death row. but on tuesday in canberra that's exactly what happened. condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner tania isbester's backyard in the basin, east melbourne, victoria.","` the question of law is whether a fair minded observer might think that the accuser sitting on a panel is a -rrb- a conflict of interest or b -rrb- with a disposition of pre judgement.",0.000000
"patients should be able to speak to their gps on skype, nick clegg announced today. the lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. some patients would be uncomfortable with the the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web."," they pointed out many gps surgeries already use phone appointments which video call services like skype or facetime would improve.",0.000000
"lawrence dallaglio views the poor performance of english clubs in europe as a `crisis' for french rugby rather than evidence of a gulf in class between the aviva premiership and top 14. saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after bath, northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup over the weekend, scraping through 12-11 against racing metro. most alarming of the defeats was clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning premiership champions and runaway leaders saints, whose director of rugby jim mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the english and french leagues."," it will take a very good side to stop them.",0.000000
"adding a gritty edge to tuesday at mercedes benz fashion week australia, phoenix keating, alice mccall, zhivago and khim hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk. punk fashion took to the runway at sydney's carriageworks, with stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk. khim hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers."," oversized office attire: models wore lose black and white pants and men style shirts in the khim hang show.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it would have made thomas jefferson proud. established on the birthday of the american founding father, liberland -- the world's newest micronation -- is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be. a tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land, marked on maps as gornja siga, its territory abuts the danube on the border between serbia and croatia."," he says his attempts to enact change in his home country led him to the political experiment that is liberland.",0.000000
"antonio conte insisted his return to turin for italy's 1-1 draw against england prompted `very fond memories', despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. former juventus manager conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august after the azzurri's world cup group-stage exit last summer, but his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy. italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against bulgaria last saturday and conte reportedly received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier."," conte was disappointed italy could not hold on to their lead, but was encouraged by their play as they stretched their unbeaten run to eight games.",0.000000
"sean heslop, pictured, has been suspended as executive principal of two schools over allegations that a former pupil is expecting his baby. one of britain's top headmasters has been arrested after he allegedly began a relationship with a former pupil now said to be pregnant with his child. cambridge-educated sean heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month.","' a kent police spokesman said:` on march 31 police arrested a 47-year-old man on suspicion of abuse of a position of trust.",0.000000
"a controversial us pastor has defended trying to buy a $65million private jet with worshippers' donations and responded to critics by claiming `the devil is trying to discredit 'him. reverend creflo dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate' $300 or more 'so that he could purchase a gulfstream g650 to replace his current damaged aircraft. the wealthy televangelist, who is known to own two rolls royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work."," wealthy: dollar and his family primarily live in this multi-million dollar in fayettville, georgia, south of atlanta.",0.000000
"the england c team is facing the axe after 36 years as part of greg dyke's spending review at the football association. fa chairman dyke must find # 30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3g pitches in urban coaching hubs, and has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving. england c, which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979, is managed by former barnet boss paul fairclough, who selects from players outside the football league, aged 23 and under."," fairclough's team also compete in the international challenge trophy, a competition for european semi-pro national teams, but did not qualify for the semi-finals of this year's tournament from a home-and-away qualifying group featuring turkey, slovakia and estonia.",0.000000
"a man set a bouncer on fire after he was kicked out of a bar. surveillance footage at neely's grog house in port st lucie in miami, florida, shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on sunday night. according to scripts treasure coast newspapers, the man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card."," seen from inside: people sat at the bar in neely's grog house watched as the men fought outside.",0.000000
"russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory while montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban following the abandonment of a fraught euro 2016 qualifier in podgorica. uefa has ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those matches suspended for two years - while fining the nation # 36,280. during the game, which took place on march 27, russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare."," finally, the association has been fined 50,000 euros.",0.000000
"a sure sign of middle age is when you start to get nostalgic about the mobile phones of your youth. ok, those early models couldn't do much compared with today's smartphones. they couldn't surf the internet, take pictures, play music or make you a cup of tea."," so is there anything we can do to get more juice out of our phones?",0.000000
"gareth blanks was attacked as he walked back from the shops near his home in truro, cornwall, because he has autism and looks vulnerable. a community is rallying around a defenceless man who was viciously beaten in a sustained and sickening attack by a gang of thugs - because he's autistic. more than 1,500 people have come out in support of gareth blanks after the attack that saw him kicked and punched more than 20 times."," i am now just spending all my time trying to get my son sorted out.",0.000000
"albert park - australian grand prix. sepang - malaysian grand prix. shanghai arrived with a bang in formula one and while races in recent seasons haven't quite had the same excitement seen during its early years, there is enough substance for it to be an intriguing watch on race day."," catalunya, spain -lrb- 2013 -rrb-.",0.000000
"a suicidal air force veteran claims he was put on hold repeatedly by the va helpline on saturday night and almost ended it all as his depression nearly got the better of him. missing his wife who had recently passed away from cancer, a desperate ted koran, 59, phoned the veterans suicide hotline but all he got was a recorded message. ted said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself on saturday was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together."," anguish: ted said that he has battled with severe depression since his wife -lrb- karen, right -rrb- passed away and wanted someone to talk to on saturday night.",0.000000
"mark lawson, 44, -lrb- pictured -rrb- was spared jail today after stabbing a colleague with a steak knife in a bizarre argument about onion rings. a pub diner who stabbed a work colleague in the leg with a steak knife in a row over his onion rings was spared jail today. builder mark lawson, 44, was in the diamond tap public house in newbury, berkshire for his christmas party when he agreed that his co-worker simon myers could take some chips from his plate."," 'lawson` reacted in a very loud way' when colleagues, including mr myers, stole his onion rings from his plate.",0.000000
"zimbabwe could become the first test playing country to tour pakistan since gunmen attacked the sri lanka team bus in lahore six years ago. shaharyar khan, chairman of the pakistan cricket board, says zimbabwe is willing to tour pakistan for five one-day international matches and he hopes the tour will go ahead next month. khan will meet with officials of the zimbabwe cricket union on the sidelines of an icc meeting in dubai next week and says, 'i hope you will receive good news very soon."," english coach paul farbrace, then in charge of the sri lanka side, was also injured in the attack.",0.000000
"incredible footage of a sydney train station flooding during the storm of a decade on wednesday has been captured on cctv. a time lapse video, filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am, shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line. at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo."," in dungog, in the hunter region, an elderly woman and two elderly men reportedly died in their homes as water surged through the small town after it received more than 300mm of rain in 24 hours.",0.000000
"it was a cunning plot to steal more than # 1.5 million in gold bullion and jewellery. using a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a `trojan horse ', one of the thieves was to hide inside."," arrangements were made to meet at a hotel, where a` swiss banker', who would be in possession of the cash, would be present.",0.000000
"in true zlatan ibrahimovic style, he was not content with simply breaking the 100 goals barrier for paris saint-germain on wednesday evening. the 33-year-old added another two to make it a hat-trick on the night and take his total tally to 102 goals in less than three years in the french capital. to put his remarkable goalscoring record at psg into perspective, he now trails only former portugal forward pedro pauleta in the all-time record books."," he reportedly expressed an interest recently in moving back to the italian club where he feels he has unfinished business.",0.000000
"john carver has insisted he is enjoying the task of trying to turn newcastle's season around despite all appearances. the 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing alan pardew as head coach at st james' park until at least the end of the season. pardew's former assistant has managed just two wins in 14 games in all competitions to date and has seen his side lose their last five barclays premier league fixtures, a run which has allowed the chasing pack to close and threaten to drag the club into a shock relegation fight."," injuries and ill-discipline - papiss cisse and moussa sissoko are currently serving bans while skipper fabricio coloccini is available at the weekend after having to sit out the last three games - have severely depleted a team which has been marooned on 35 points since the victory over aston villa on february 28.",0.000000
"andy murray tied the knot with kim sears on saturday at dunblane cathedral, as thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple. the tennis star, who announced his engagement in november last year, tied the knot in the 12th century cathedral before a relatively small group of their family members and close friends. reverend colin renwick, led the service, was pictured outside the cathedral just after 3."," kim sears arrives for her wedding to british tennis number one andy at dunblane cathedral.",0.000000
"meet suma, one of melbourne zoo's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis. she was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain. but on thursday, amazing photographs were captured of the primate's thorough health examination by surgeons."," helen mccracken to look suma over.",0.000000
"sitting with a set of felt-tip pens and a book full of black line drawings just waiting to be filled is most children's idea of heaven. but now thanks to an illustrator and designer from tenby, west wales, colouring in is the latest stress-busting hobby for adults. millie marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom, filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes, patterns and shapes."," this blue whale has an immense level of detail and would take a considerable amount of time to finish colouring in.",0.000000
"the remains of high school teacher and bride-to-be stephanie scott have been formally identified. the 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park, north of griffith, nsw, on friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer went on regular camping trips. nsw health says a post-mortem has been completed at glebe morgue in sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner."," stephanie scott was a` favourite teacher' to many students at leeton high school.",0.000000
"german football has certainly had better days. still coming to terms with the morning resignation of their most gifted and charismatic coach, jurgen klopp, the bundesliga then saw its champions humbled, embarrassed even, at a feverish estadio do dragao on wednesday night. not since the days of jose mourinho more than a decade ago have fc porto seen anything quite like this."," goal: thiago 28 'manager: pepe guadiola 6.",0.000000
"this helpful dog doesn't mind getting his paws dirty with a spot of housework. baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california. footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink, before loading them into the dishwasher."," other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a saudi-led coalition tuesday ended its ""operation decisive storm"" -- its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in yemen -- and a new initiative is underway. ""operation renewal of hope"" will focus on the political process. saudi arabia had launched airstrikes on houthi positions across yemen, hoping to wipe out the iranian-allied rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power."," a senior saudi official told cnn that the houthis agreed to ""nearly all demands"" of the u.",0.000000
"mesut ozil has avoided a fine after being spotted in a nightclub just hours after missing the win at newcastle through illness. arsenal manager arsene wenger has spoken to ozil about the incident and insists he is satisfied with the # 42.5 million man's explanation."," harry kane played one game and it's good for england to have many options and to choose the best one.",0.000000
"sam allardyce has outlined his ambitions to qualify for the europa league next season by ensuring that west ham finish first in the premier league fair play table. the top three nations in uefa's rankings qualify for the competition, with england currently sitting third behind the republic of ireland and netherlands. at present, the hammers sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second-placed burnley."," a red card will cost a team three points in the ranking.",0.000000
"a federal judge has approved a plan to resolve concussion lawsuits brought by more than 5,000 former players that could cost the league $1billion over 65 years. the deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field. the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday."," the league's top lawyer said brody's approval `powerfully underscores the fairness and propriety 'of the settlement.",0.000000
"a carpenter from south california has created what may well be the world's biggest see-saw. kyle toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula. it measures a whopping 45ft in length, and according to its maker, sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft.","' according to kyle, four people can ride on the seesaw at one time and there is an amazing view from the top.",0.000000
"while google and apple are developing self driving vehicles, nasa has revealed its vision - and its a lot more fun. called the modular robotic vehicle, or mrv, it was developed at nasa's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. on earth, however, it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot, as well as being driven remotely at up to 70mph."," `the size and maneuverability of mrv gives it an advantage in navigating and parking in tight quarters.",0.000000
"these stunning pictures show a trio of daredevil bikers dicing with death as they leap over huge jagged rocks metres above crashing waves. the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock, an island off the coast of weymouth, dorset, on sunday by photographer jack davies. the group included renowned professional trial bike riders jack gear, 25, andrei burton, 29, and joe seddon, 19, who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below."," renowned: the trio of bikers were made up professional trial bike riders jack gear, 25, andrei burton, 29, and joe seddon, 19.",0.000000
"saracens flanker jacques burger has been cited for alleged foul play during last sunday's european champions cup quarter-final game against racing metro in paris. european professional club rugby said that burger is alleged to have struck racing scrum-half maxime machenaud midway through the match at stade yves-du-manoir, which saracens won 12-11. the complaint was made by match citing commissioner eugene ryan."," burger gets to grips with racing metro full back brice dulin during saracens' dramatic victory.",0.000000
"she captured hearts across the nation as she realized her dream to play for mount st. joseph's women's basketball team in ohio and raised $1.5 million - all while battling inoperable brain cancer."," your time spent on earth will never be forgotten.",0.000000
"it has long been considered that a lie-flat bed is the only way to get a good night's sleep on a plane. but boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre `upright 'sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too. nicknamed the` cuddle chair,' the somewhat comical idea could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience by eliminating the need for reclining seats at all."," while some rely on a personal neck pillow, which is readily available to purchase in airports, boeing's patent insists that the `cuddle chair 'is a far superior option.",0.000000
"jonas gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the newcastle side, coming in for his first start in 20 months. the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month. but, in fairness to the 31-year-old, he was newcastle's best player - not that he had much competition."," daryl janmaat's warm-up injury led to rumours of dave watson filling in, but the dutchman recovered.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- more than 500 houthi rebels have been killed since the start of saudi-led military operations against yemeni shia fighters, a saudi defense ministry official said saturday, according to the state-run saudi press agency. a saudi general said saturday the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on march 26. gen."," three saudi military officers were killed and two others were wounded in the shelling, a defense official said, according to spa.",0.000000
"real madrid are desperate to land manchester united goalkeeper david de gea, but they are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal won't negotiate, according to reports in spain. de gea has been in fantastic form this season, while real's legendary stopper iker casillas has long been seen as unreliable. although the european champions would like to sign de gea this june, they are looking at the possibility of picking up chelsea's petr cech to fill the gap in between, while the spaniard runs down his contract at old trafford, which expires next year."," in italy there are reports that palermo striker paulo dybala, who has been linked with arsenal, could join up with former manchester city manager roberto mancini at inter milan.",0.000000
"a new reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. the discussion, which focuses on brides from russia and the philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments, asked users to spill the beans on what `surprised 'them the most when they started living with their spouses.' -lsb- she -rsb- spoke about sex the same way she spoke about housework, 'wrote one, while another confessed:' i could always tell she was uncomfortable."," `pretty much what you want from your wife.",0.000000
"the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags at one of its historic homes in an `experiment 'which has enraged heritage experts. furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house in suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags. the move was designed to encourage visitors to` dwell and take in the atmosphere' in the room but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move `misguided '."," but he added:` some of our staff think we should have used a rather different sort of seating and others think it is good as an experiment.",0.000000
"lewis hamilton has described his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix, which has drawn widespread criticism, as' a fun thing '. one of the fundamental acts of formula one has been brought into sharp focus over the past few days following hamilton's win in shanghai. in a typical moment of exuberance that comes with a victory for any driver, and following the playing of the national anthems, hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl liu siying."," siying, however, has since defended hamilton, remarking to the shanghai daily:` it lasted for only one or two seconds, and i did not think too much about it at all.",0.000000
"an australian band has told fans `stop listening to us altogether 'if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent bali nine execution, after a series of heated exchanges over the weekend. sydney electronic duo the presets, made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes, published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning, hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week.` if you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c *** and can f *** off,' one post read."," the band explained it's opinion in a lengthy post on monday afternoon.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the last time muhammadu buhari came to power in nigeria, it was by force. this time it was by the ballot box. here are five reasons why one of the most fiercely-contested elections in the country's history is so important."," he stressed that nigeria's security needs to be the next government's focus.",0.000000
"a 17-year-old girl arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized and the corpse of a three-year-old child was found at a north las vegas home will not face criminal charges. the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services, said clark county district attorney steve wolfson. `this child is a victim in this case and can best receive appropriate and necessary services through the dependency court system and family services, 'wolfson said in a statement."," records show that lachaux served prison time in nevada from june 2006 to august 2008 on a coercion conviction and that he and phillips were involved in a legal dispute in reno's family court until 2010.",0.000000
"referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday, despite having sent off three players from united and city this season. city captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31, meaning he is now suspended for the match against wales in june. and, although clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal's side in the past, it's worth noting that the 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the premier league this season and both have been from united; tyler blackcett in the 5-3 defeat by leicester and luke shaw in the 1-1 draw with west ham."," the champion's shock 2-1 loss to crystal palace on monday saw united move a point above their local rivals to add extra incentive for both sides ahead of the derby at old trafford, which could ultimately decide who finishes second behind expected winners chelsea.",0.000000
"amir khan believes kell brook has called him out so that he can have the `one big payday 'which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career. brook, who defeated jo jo dan to retain his ibf welterweight title last month, immediately challenged khan in a post-fight interview but the bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on may 30, with his opponent yet to be confirmed. khan has reiterated his intention to take on brook within the next 12 months, although he insists that the undefeated 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him."," khan has now denied that he will face chris algieri next month, claiming there are` some more options' chris algieri lost every round to manny pacquiao when he took on the filipino star last november.",0.000000
"anthony trollope, a famous novelist, introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france. royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope -- the victorian novelist who also introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s. the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life, including the first post box design."," there are now 115,300 post boxes in the uk.",0.000000
"one of sydney's oldest surviving homes is expected to go under the hammer for $4million in the much sought after harbourside suburb of millers point next month. the heritage-listed colonial georgian residence, with three storeys and six bedrooms, was built by whaling captain george grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad marten's work in 1843. boasting stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace, the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks."," described as an `extremely rare intact example of architecture 'by domain.",0.000000
"a `disorderly 'goat was shepherded away from houses in suburban new jersey after causing a ruckus. officers in paramus, bergen county, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community, according to their facebook page. the goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on saturday."," comments on social media suggested that the animal could have been fleeing the prospect of being someone's easter dinner.",0.000000
"fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of dj vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. the highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress."," many celebrities now promote products and luxury brands via twitter in return for either payment or freebies.",0.000000
"zlatan ibrahimovic and dimitri payet have had their respective suspensions for abusing ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece. paris saint-germain striker ibrahimovic will now miss three games and marseille playmaker payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french olympic committee -lrb- cnosf -rrb-. ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the french football league -lrb- lfp -rrb- when he was caught on camera after last month's 3-2 defeat to bordeaux launching into a tirade against official lionel jaffredo while walking back to the dressing room."," speaking in the video in english but in partial sentences, the sweden international could be heard saying:` he's an a ******.",0.000000
"the home office was warned that lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it. the home office was warned that lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it. an mp passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation."," when the report was published in november it revealed a file on janner was among 114 dossiers on child sex abuse that went missing from the home office.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season's english premier league title alive by beating relegation threatened burnley 1-0 at turf moor. a first half goal from welsh international aaron ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure arsenal's hold on second place. more importantly it took the north london club to within four points of first placed chelsea, with the two clubs to play next week."," meanwhile it was a good day for teams at the bottom of the league.",0.000000
"a woman who was addicted to energy drinks ballooned to a size 20 after spending # 11,000 on her high-sugar habit in just four years. jade wimsey, 24, from goole, east yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories."," 'i would buy a can whenever i could get hold of one.",0.000000
"the appalling conditions of a dog training centre where illegal pitbulls covered in scars were forced to wear electric shock collars and train on treadmills has been caught in shocking footage. rspca officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. the footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water."," whitworth, 44, of oswaldtwistle, admitted keeping and training another two dogs.",0.000000
"angelina jolie's acclaimed film about the kidnap and rape of a 14-year-old girl in ethiopia has helped burnish her image as a human rights campaigner. but the hollywood star is at the centre of controversy after the makers of difret were accused of exploiting the real-life victim at the heart of its story. aberash bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent, and failing, initially, to pay her compensation."," she obtained it on the night of the film's premiere in the country, just after the producers had screened a message from miss jolie in which she admitted it was based on the` untold story of aberash bekele '.",0.000000
"the head of an elite victorian private school has resigned after a photograph of him looking at pornography on his work commuter circulated on social media. andrew barr, principal of the geelong college, south-west of melbourne, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office. the school council launched an investigation, which included a search of mr barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site snapchat."," the council is grateful for mr barr's commitment and achievement,' he said.",0.000000
"chelsea captain john terry has revealed his picks for the pfa player and team of the year with liverpool playmaker philippe coutinho getting his nod as the premier league's finest. although the former england captain has not been on the losing side to liverpool in three games this season, terry has obviously been impressed by the young brazilian's skills - despite him only scoring four league goals. less surprising is terry's choice of tottenham scoring sensation harry kane as young player of the year - with the 21-year-old's rise from obscurity to scoring 19 league goals for spurs making him almost certain to take home the award."," meanwhile, west brom midfielder youssouf mulumbu was left red-faced after posting his own pfa team of the year selections on twitter - only to realise he had got his players of the year mixed up.",0.000000
"arrested: veteran william snyder, 34, has been charged in connection with the disappearance and death of his wife, kelley jo snyder, 34. the husband of a pennsylvania mother of three has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of her body over the weekend. army-veteran william snyder, 34, was charged hours after the body of his wife, kelley jo snyder, 34, was found in a river near to their home on saturday."," state police have said they expect more charges to be filed after the results are published.",0.000000
"floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political, social and cultural undertones, the scale of expectation and outside influences. where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena."," both men had come through battles with george foreman, frazier losing and ali famously winning the rumble in the jungle in zaire.",0.000000
"peering into the heart of the milky way, astronomers have spotted the `howls' of dead stars as they feed on stellar companions. these zombie stars are thought to be leaving a` mass grave 'of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way. but why there are so many of these stars here - which are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel - remains a mystery."," `we can see a completely new component of the centre of our galaxy with nustar's images,' said kerstin perez of columbia university in new york.",0.000000
"a father-of-two who chopped off his hand with an electric angle cutter is back at work just weeks after surgeons reattached it. gary lincoln, 48, from port talbot in wales, was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin. he put in in his sleeve `to hold everything together 'and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month."," 'i didn't think i would have my hand working again properly.",0.000000
"manchester city defender pablo zabaleta accepts the fallen champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four. zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday's derby loss at manchester united having continued a dismal run which has seen city capitulate in the barclays premier league title race. manuel pellegrini's men crashed 4-2 at old trafford, a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a champions league place."," further goals from the impressive marouane fellaini, juan mata and chris smalling secured a convincing win before aguero's 100th city goal came as a late consolation.",0.000000
"when you're a barbie girl in an instagram world, life in plastic isn't just fantastic - it also gets you more than 730,000 followers. since barbie's style instagram account launched last august, swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her `official style feed ', watching as the mattel icon models an impressive collection of barbie clothes that even includes pieces by top designers. racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes, international trips, and vip invites that go into producing the doll's hugely popular page."," hit the city for the sights and fresh air!",0.000000
"the february afternoon we arrived in adelaide, the mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46c and the south australian city was the hottest place on the planet. the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling. appropriately, friends took us out that evening to dine in one of the city's hottest restaurants - celsius!"," frankly, i can't think of any better way of seeing australia.",0.000000
"isis was removed from the official list of future pacific hurricane names by the un's world meteorological organization, a wmo spokeswoman announced on friday. the wmo hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group. as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt, isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016."," odile hit the popular beach resorts of baja california last september, stranding thousands of tourists, knocking out power and causing heavy flooding.",0.000000
"could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier, lingering mysteriously behind this little girl? a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost. this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture, japan - `nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year."," `looks like a living person in boots and dark pants and a light blue, possibly denim colored shirt,' said jack_shid.",0.000000
"alarmed by a rash of explosions and injuries caused when amateurs make hash oil, lawmakers in colorado and washington are considering spelling out what's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home. the proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil. in colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil -- nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013, according to officials with the rocky mountain high intensity drug trafficking area, a state-federal enforcement program."," `people who make it at home, they can do so with alcohol or methods that are safe, 'said colorado state rep.",0.000000
"spring. the season that brings with it `the sweet smell of different flowers in odor and in hue '. william shakespeare once wrote."," `there are some weeds in the garden and you've got to get them out of the changing room pretty quick, 'neville said of the city players - particularly toure - in his post-match analysis.",0.000000
"an oregon woman who came home and beat her boyfriend's former girlfriend with a crowbar after finding her getting high on heroin in her bathroom will no longer face prosecution. elena curtin of portland was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014. she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week, but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin, 23, was `completely justified in her outrage '."," oregon law allows for use of physical force against an intruder who won't leave a resident's home.",0.000000
"a plus-size model who once earned up to # 2,000 a day has found herself out of work after dropping three dress sizes. rebecca exton-russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer, qvc and dove. but the derby-based model was secretly `repulsed 'by her body, so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone."," `that was all the encouragement i needed, 'she remarked.",0.000000
"hong kong -lrb- cnn -rrb- phil rudd, the drummer for legendary hard rock band ac/dc, has pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in a new zealand court. rudd, who previously denied all allegations, made a surprise guilty plea tuesday before the trial began. the 60-year-old australian was arrested in november last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in new zealand."," in november, the court dropped the police charge of ""attempting to procure murder"" after prosecutors decided there wasn't enough evidence.",0.000000
"sanaa, yemen -lrb- cnn -rrb- as the transport plane comes in to land at sanaa airport, the deep scars of the brutal conflict tearing yemen apart are only too clear: wrecked aircraft line the runway, and nearby buildings lie in ruins. to most of the outside world, this war-torn country is off limits, the weeks-long battle between houthi rebels and saudi-led coalition forces making it too dangerous to visit, and a no-fly zone rendering its international airport all but obsolete -- but on tuesday, cnn was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by unicef, the united nations children's fund. the airport has previously been bombed."," within minutes of touching down, a small army of aid workers is busy unloading huge mounds of much-needed provisions.",0.000000
"rory mcilroy believes it is `unthinkable 'that he will not win the masters at some point to complete the career grand slam. and the world number one has revealed how his final-round collapse at augusta national in 2011 was the most important day of his career. mcilroy is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after gene sarazen, ben hogan, gary player, jack nicklaus and tiger woods."," `but for it all to come apart how it did i learnt an awful lot.",0.000000
"fired: stephen hogger, pictured, was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures. as the congregation of st peter and st paul church filed in for the easter sunday service, thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice. but little did they know it would be put into action by the entire choir moments later."," 'church organist mr hogger, who is a fellow of the guild of musicians and singers and associate of the london college of music, said:` obviously it is all a bit difficult.",0.000000
"`double wife killer 'harold henthorn wants to use a $1.5 million life insurance pay out from a policy taken out on his second wife to pay for the defense in his trial for her murder. henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, toni bertolet, 51, last november and police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife some 20 years earlier.",". to -lsb- its -rsb- financial interests.",0.000000
"the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in june. it's been a gargantuan undertaking, even by the formidable standards of the women's institute. for days on end, two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the wi's centenary celebrations at the royal albert hall in june."," miss tulip said:` we've been very careful with costing.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- back in 1989, ayatollah khomeini famously said he was ""drinking poison"" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq. the war had helped define khomeini's regime, the islamic republic, which he had founded a year before saddam hussein invaded iran. khomeini galvanized the nation, both his supporters and growing opponents, to fight against the enemy."," millions of iranians are hoping that their lives will improve in the post-deal era.",0.000000
"a man has gone to extreme lengths to avoid a $600-a-month hike in child support. matthew bird, from ashburton, new zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic after he realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in child support payments. he said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000 a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month."," ms goodhew's timaru office confirmed they had dealt with five cases in 2015, however, none were in relation to the changes that took effect on april 1.",0.000000
"prince charles has led tributes to the girl dubbed the '100-year-old teenager' as hundreds of mourners gathered for her funeral. in a letter to hayley okines's grieving parents charles described the 17-year-old progeria sufferer, who died earlier this month, as `an inspiration to millions'. there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk - it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate."," determined to make the most of the time she had, the family embarked on giving hayley amazing memories.",0.000000
"i felt as if i was treading on hallowed ground. a leather boot, white with mould, lay half-buried at my feet. nearby i glanced down on a harness smothered in lichen lying beside the skull of a mule, while strewn all around me were the remains of rusty cans and oil drums."," eyes darting in all directions, we proceeded cautiously but there was no sign of the grizzly.",0.000000
"a prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine is spreading on social media. the video, filmed in moon park, odessa, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the `vampire girl 'preys on unsuspecting passers-by. the young girl dressed in a white, bloodstained nightgown, waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror."," the man behind the prank video andrey yakubovich, told local media:` nobody has ever done anything like this before in the ukraine, and it was our first scary prank video.",0.000000
"leeds' sporting director nicola salerno has resigned, the club's disqualified owner massimo cellino is reported to have confirmed. the 58-year-old italian's departure comes six days after leeds' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended. cellino, banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy, told the yorkshire evening post: `he resigned."," thompson's suspension has left manager neil redfearn considering his future at elland road.",0.000000
"amanda knox may have finally cleared her name, but eight years of legal battles have left the seattle native penniless, exhausted and traumatized from stress, claims her biographer. `in prison, she was threatened with rape from a male guard, it was a really terrible experience, 'says trial by jury author, douglas preston.' i think it has really affected her, it's really hard to lead a normal life after that."," on the announcement of her innocence, knox appeared on her seattle doorstep to make a statement.",0.000000
"`the general ': mohammed suleman khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last april but faces ten more years if he does not pay back # 2.2 m. a jailed tax fraudster who hid his wealth in the uk while building an estate in pakistan modelled on buckingham palace must pay back # 2."," in court his defence team portrayed him as a legitimate businessman who had earned around # 400,000 over the nine-year period from debt collecting and other business interests in the uk and abroad.",0.000000
"a retired marine has pleaded not guilty to murdering his clothing-designer girlfriend, whose skeletal remains were discovered in a jungle in panama two years after she disappeared. brian karl brimager, 37, entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego, in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli. he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation."," the indictment alleges that brimager murdered baldelli, dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area.",0.000000
"channel 4's indian summers star olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming the second series. i've always had a love affair with thailand. at the end of filming channel 4's indian summers last year, i headed to koh phangan, an island off ko samui, and did a week-long meditation and yoga course."," bangla road in phuket comes to life when the sun goes down.",0.000000
"roman abramovich has bought tel aviv's varsano hotel for 100million israeli shekels -lrb- # 17.1 m -rrb-. the chelsea owner, who frequently visits tel aviv on business, is expected to convert the 19th century building into his israeli home."," pictured at hamburg's blohm voss shipbuilders where it was originally built in 2010 and 2011, the ship was placed into a dry dock for work, though it's difficult to imagine what it is lacking!",0.000000
"for those in the throes of their first year of parenthood, one woman knows exactly how tired you feel. illustrator lucy scott, from edinburgh, had her first baby in 2012, and found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued. she proceeded to capture every experience in a new book, doodle diary of a new mom: an illustrated journey through one mommy's first year, which chronicles this emotional, often fraught time in a new parent's life in a series of wry, honest illustrations."," the accompanying image shows a woman sat on a bed while she is breastfeeding, frustratingly attempting to reach her mobile phone to entertain herself.",0.000000
"violent: but samuel tushingham has been spared jail for attacking his girlfriend. a thug who repeatedly attacked his girlfriend and dragged her by the hair has been spared jail after a judge told him he was `almost too dangerous' for prison. samuel tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told."," he must also carry out 80 hours of unpaid work and pay more than # 1,300 in costs and fines, and is banned from contacting his victim.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in haiti in 2010, a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today. the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7."," think of all that movement getting stored in a giant spring lying under nepal.",0.000000
"khloe kardashian has hit back at critics of her instagram post reaction to monday night's riots in baltimore saying she is `damned if i do. damned if i don't '. the 30-year-old reality tv star posted - then later deleted - the message` pray for baltimore' to instagram on monday night as protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral."," kardashian was photographed at a beverly hills gym today.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- when photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time, he took more than a passing wonder about how his native sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave. he immersed himself in fatherhood -- twice over, you might say. he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of sweden's extraordinary program, which allows mothers and fathers to take long, long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns."," follow @cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- one of tokyo's most prominent districts has taken a small, but potentially significant step to recognizing same-sex unions in japan. the government of shibuya ward, one of the capital's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on wednesday paving the way for ""partnership certificates"" for same-sex couples, allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples. same-sex partners who are registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements."," an editorial in the asahi shimbun newspaper, which commissioned the poll, welcomed the shibuya decision, calling it ""a bold and important step forward.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert bates says he gets it, how you might wonder how a cop could confuse a pistol for a stun gun. bates -- the tulsa county, oklahoma, reserve sheriff's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect -- told nbc's ""today"" show friday that he used to think that, too. ""believe me,"" he told the show in his first appearance since being charged in the april 2 death of eric harris, ""it can happen to anyone."," i have it in writing,"" he told the show.",0.000000
"ander herrera has shunned comparisons with paul scholes, saying `there will never be another '. the stylish spaniard has been hailed as the one player who could take over scholes' mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield but modest herrera has been quick to distance himself from the former england international. herrera, 25, took part in one of manchester united foundation's dream days on monday, meeting up with ill children and adults at carrington."," 'i always play passionately -- for the team and our supporters.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. but it's unclear how gray, who was arrested on a weapons charge april 12, suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. here are the big questions surrounding this controversial case:."," alicia white, 30, who joined in 2010; officer william porter, 25, who joined in 2012; officer garrett miller, 26, who joined in 2012; and officer edward nero, 29, who joined in 2012.",0.000000
"barcelona's champions league quarter-final first-leg win over paris saint-germain has been lauded by the spanish media. two goals from luis suarez and an effort from neymar have given the four-time winners a commanding 3-1 lead going into their return fixture after gregory van der wiel pulled one back for the hosts with a deflected effort on 82 minutes. mundo deportivo leads with the headline `oh la la!"," meanwhile, over in france the media are damning of psg's performance - l'equipe leading with the headline` disillusionment' after barcelona's masterclass.",0.000000
"a week after 10 doctors urged columbia university to sever all ties with him, dr. oz has used his syndicated tv show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods. the celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in thursday's episode of the dr."," on thursday, oz shared a statement from the bmj that said the authors of the study were` disappointed that the overwhelming commentary seems to be that our study somehow proves that dr oz or the doctors are quacks or charlatans or worse.",0.000000
"millions of britons could lose credit card perks such as cash bonuses and air miles because of eu legislation. capital one yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers because of restrictions that will squeeze profits. the company has also warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from june 1."," all it takes is for one provider to start the ball rolling before others do the same.",0.000000
"read madrid galactico gareth bale will be the subject of a three-way # 75million transfer battle between chelsea, manchester united and manchester city this summer. bale has indicated, publicly at least, that he wants to stay at real. but sources in spain suggest that the club could be willing to offload him even though manager carlo ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club."," it might have been a simple finish served up by cristiano ronaldo, but the late winner hernandez scored to beat city rivals atletico madrid in their champions league quarter-final has lifted the striker to legendary status.",0.000000
"kent sprouse was put to death by lethal injection thursday night in texas. sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a dallas-area convenience store. a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002 and should be spared the death penalty."," witnesses said sprouse carried a shotgun into the store the afternoon of oct.",0.000000
"thousands of holidaymakers caught up in last summer's passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation. at the same time, managers at the passport agency, which made a # 42 million profit during the chaos, received up to # 3,500 in bonuses. ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through, and even to some who missed out on trips."," details obtained by the mail on sunday show scarcely any of the thousands of holidaymakers caught up in the chaos ever got anything back from the passport office.",0.000000
"this is the dramatic moment two traffic police officers were almost decapitated after a caravan sped past at speed with a window wide open. the motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver, who they suspected was speeding. they then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open."," driver was unaware, brackets worked loose.",0.000000
"david bulman -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his wife lubova with a black eye after repeatedly punching her in the face. a bad-tempered managing director repeatedly punched his wife in the face after he shouted at her for not doing the ironing. david bulman, 55, and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing.","` you punched your partner several times and got into your car.",0.000000
"england left for the caribbean on thursday knowing they must beat the west indies on their return to test cricket to salvage the futures of key personnel and silence speculation that continues to swirl around kevin pietersen. the stakes are high for england after a disastrous world cup and the introduction of a new ecb chairman in colin graves who has made it clear that jobs will be on the line in a three-test series that begins in antigua on april 13. pietersen, who has rejoined surrey in an attempt to win back his test place, was the name on everyone's lips at gatwick airport as beleaguered coach peter moores and returning captain alastair cook put on a united front ahead of a five-week tour they can not afford to go wrong."," he was disappointed not to go, it didn't work out, but we've got to look forward now.",0.000000
"a violent jamaican drug dealer who evaded deportation for years before he launched a frenzied hammer and knife attack on a young woman in front of her six-year-old daughter could spend the rest of his life behind bars. lloyd byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy before he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife and smashed his way into her flat in walthamstow, east london, on september 1 last year. after pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge nicholas cooke who told him he may never be released."," the murder weapons were recovered from the scene and byfield was quickly identified as a suspect, police said.",0.000000
"it was not particularly pretty but andy king's 86th minute winner has kept leicester city's hopes of premier league survival alive, at least for now. there was a frantic sense of do or die in the closing stages at the king power stadium. pearson and his players surely knew anything less than three points against west ham, a side who have not won away from home since december 2nd, would see them doomed to relegation."," alex song sent a floating ball into he box which soared over the head jeffrey schupp and was controlled by cheikou kouyate, the senegalese firing low and powerfully into the bottom left corner past a helpless kasper schmeichel.",0.000000
"sevilla coach unai emery is one of the more eccentric characters in la liga but the andalusian club's success this season suggests there is plenty of method in the basque-born 43-year-old's apparent madness. prowling the touchline during games, emery's frantic arm gestures, wild eyes and bellowed commands clearly inspire his players rather than distract them. sevilla are fifth in la liga ahead of the visit of leaders barcelona on saturday."," barca play their quarter-final, first leg at paris st germain on wednesday and atletico host real in a repeat of last season's final the previous day.",0.000000
"they might look like they're competing for a spot on a talent show. but this hip-thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day. nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, classic by mkto."," made me so happy, 'one commenter wrote.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- one of the biggest tv events of all time is being reimagined for new audiences. ""roots,"" the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. now a&e networks are remaking the miniseries, to air in 2016.",""" the remade ""roots"" will encounter a new generation of viewers who have witnessed barack obama make history as the nation's first african-american president and ""12 years a slave"" win the oscar for best picture, but also widespread racial unrest over police treatment of black suspects in many u.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- jon reiter is no stranger to mount everest -- its world-record height, its prestige, its challenges. and its dangers. he learned that again shortly before noon saturday, after a monster magnitude 7.",""" jon reiter told cnn on sunday morning that 17 people had been killed on the mountain.",0.000000
"a bruising training session involving 50 scrums is how tom wood's northampton prepared for saturday's top-of-the-table meeting with saracens. the champions have creaked in recent weeks and england flanker wood, who claims saints' opponents have `smelt blood ', is desperate to re-gather the momentum that was lost following the exodus of key international players during the rbs 6 nations. defeats by clermont and exeter have done little to restore confidence but the east midlands side are ready to address their mini-slump and breathe life back into the title push."," `some people think you're away at a five-star holiday resort but the pressure is real.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- there are two paths to practicing medicine in america. there's the traditional, time-tested way, where new doctors graduate from medical school and then pass a series of national exams while training for years as resident physicians. then there's the approach being forged in florida and arizona: getting elected to a state legislature."," arkansas enacted a law similar to arizona just days later.",0.000000
"samantha cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a ukip stronghold. the prime minister's wife swooped into rochester and strood, the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer. david cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick mr reckless's `fat arse 'out of the commons, and clearly hopes his wife can woo voters in the crucial kent battleground."," she met head teacher karen joy as she toured the site for three to 19-year-olds with special educational needs, which aides said was` very close to her heart '.",0.000000
"jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. etan patz `is larger than his very little, important life, 'assistant district attorney joan illuzzi-orbon said in closing arguments at the manhattan murder trial of pedro hernandez. she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it."," illuzzi-orbon said his first confession to a prayer group shortly after the boy disappeared was the most accurate - he was confessing to god, and he was trying to unburden himself.",0.000000
