"it's not cheap at # 7million but whoever buys this exclusive georgian mansion is buying more than just a home - they're buying the exact same view depicted in john constable's # 23million painting salisbury cathedral from the meadows. the grade i listed walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close boasts a view of the river avon, backing onto the meadow where john constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral. the property agents say they'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.","6 acres, on the market now for # 6.",0.000000
"it was once the edgiest place in town, attracting the word's biggest bands to its iconic stage - but 30 years later cleveland's variety theater is silent. the venue was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed in 1984 when heavy metal band motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down. as the crowd went wild over the group's unique ear-shattering brand of music, the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience - ending the concert and the life of the variety theater in one deafening shriek."," abandoned for 30 years: the variety theater in cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a motorhead gig in 1984.",0.000000
"a new york city bus driver is facing possible termination after video emerged of him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms. a woman who boarded the driver's bus in ozone park, queens, recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road. she was `shocked 'that the driver's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus, in which all the seats were full."," a new york city bus driver running a route in queens is facing possible termination after an unidentified commuter recorded him driving with papers in his hand.",0.000000
"a filmmaker, whose older sister has down syndrome, is confronting the misuse of the word `retarded 'and exploring the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult in her upcoming documentary, which aims to change the way people think, speak and act. amanda lukoff, from arlington, virginia, teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo. the director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c."," mcginley and glee actress lauren potter, who has down syndrome.",0.000000
"the grandmother of a virginia teen missing since march 2 came out swinging sunday at authorities who she says have been `doing nothing 'to bring the girl home. katherine hadsell says she's eager for police in norfolk to give` more insight into what they're actually doing' to find 18-year-old college student anjelica hadsell. the longwood university student was home for spring break when she vanished."," police just this past week focused their search on a pond near carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.",0.000000
"manny pacquiao says he has to fight floyd mayweather like it is the last of his life when he touches gloves with the undefeated american in the $300m bout on may 2. the filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight in las vegas, which has been billed as the biggest sporting event in history with two of the best pound-for-pound fighters of all time facing off. and to come out on top pacquiao says he must be a `warrior in the ring ', bringing a never-say-die attitude to each round at the mgm grand."," manny pacquiao says he will have to be a warrior against floyd mayweather but is convinced he will win.",0.000000
"chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for english football's hottest property raheem sterling. chelsea have made discreet overtures about sterling, despite liverpool manager brendan rodgers insisting on thursday that his 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer. sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a # 100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is `quite flattered 'by interest from arsenal."," it has led to suspicions that sterling, who was raised in london and came through the youth system at qpr, is agitating for a return to the capital.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- beer and ice cream. it doesn't exactly spring to mind when you think of classic food pairings -- old friends such as bacon and eggs or steak and cabernet. but colorado's new belgium brewery and the folks at ben & jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream, to be precise."," ""at this time i can confirm that ben & jerry's and new belgium are collaborating to raise awareness around issues we are passionate about, and that the results will be delicious,"" new belgium's director of sustainability, jenn vervier, said in a statement.",0.000000
"jason cotterill sent revenge porn to his jilted lover's daughter and threatened to post a sex video on the mother's facebook page. a mother whose jilted lover sent revenge porn to her 18-year-old daughter has spoken of the `absolute nightmare 'her life became as he bombarded her with abusive messages. jason cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet, even threatening to post a sex video of her on her facebook page."," the terrified woman said her life became a living` hell' when cotterill, who was jailed last week, sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter.",0.000000
"kristen lindsey from brenham, texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral and then posted the image on facebook. a veterinarian has been fired from her clinic after she posted a horrifying image of her holding a cat she had killed by firing an arrow into its head on facebook. kristen lindsey, 31, who lives in brenham, texas, allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow, believing it was feral."," but a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks.",0.000000
"a robot has been `arrested 'by swiss police after it bought a supply of illegal drugs on a hidden region of the internet known as the` dark net'. the automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web. the robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of st gallen, in north east switzerland."," the random darknet shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web -lrb- pictured -rrb- including trainers, jeans, cigarettes, a set of masterkeys and a dvd case -lrb- far left -rrb- containing 10 ecstasy tablets.",0.000000
"murderer: ronald jebson, who was responsible for the `babes in the woods' killings, when first jailed in the 1970s, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago. a paedophile serial killer who murdered three children and sexually abused several more has died secretly in prison, it was revealed today. ronald jebson, who was responsible for the` babes in the woods' murders in 1970, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago."," jebson's final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.",0.000000
"david cameron and boris johnson warned of a looming `constitutional crisis' last night after scotland's former first minister alex salmond was caught boasting:` i'm writing labour's budget. 'the two most high-profile conservatives joined forces to question the legitimacy of the snp's plan to try to put ed miliband in downing street, even if labour wins fewer seats at the general election. the london mayor, deployed to inject more passion into the tory campaign, claimed it would mean `truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the m1 to scotland '."," boris johnson and david cameron joined forces yesterday to slam the snp plans to prop up labour.",0.000000
"john hartson was once on the end of a major hampden injustice while playing for celtic - but he can not see any point in his old club writing to the scottish football association over the latest controversy at the national stadium. celtic issued a statement on monday evening revealing they were `seeking an understanding 'of the failure to penalise inverness defender josh meekings for stopping a goal-bound leigh griffiths header with his hand. celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2 and some fans have questioned how referee steven mclean and additional assistant alan muir could have missed the infringement."," celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings.",0.000000
"ask most players about the hat-tricks they've scored and they'll describe in detail how they managed to find the back of the net three times in 90 minutes. but that doesn't apply to lionel messi. the barcelona star has scored so many trebles at club level - 32 to be exact - that he can't remember each one despite keeping a match ball from every game."," messi will be hoping to add another to his list when barca take on psg in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday.",0.000000
"former holland forward dirk kuyt is returning to feyenoord next season, aiming to end his professional playing days at the club that was a launching pad for nine years at liverpool and fenerbahce, the rotterdam club announced friday. kuyt signed a one-year contract with feyenoord, who are currently third in the top-flight eredivisie, but said his stay will likely be longer. kuyt grew into a favorite among feyenoord's fanatical fans during his first stint with the club from 2003-2006, after transferring from utrecht."," he was the eredivisie's top scorer in the 2004-2005 season and was named dutch footballer of the year in 2006.",0.000000
"a new mother and her baby were found dead on a cliff face after she was advised to stop taking an anti-psychotic medication so she could breastfeed. charlotte bevan had come off risperidone -- a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder -- before her daughter zaani was born late last year. four days after the birth, the 30-year-old walked out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms."," exit: four days after giving birth, 30-year-old charlotte bevan -lrb- left -rrb- was able to walk out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms -lrb- right -rrb-.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- as art, film stills are often overlooked. the photographers tend to be anonymous; it's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer. their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery: whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business, it's just another form of salesmanship."," which is why the work of ernst haas is so striking.",0.000000
"a 33-year-old palestinian man says he has been `duped 'into selling a valuable work created by acclaimed british graffiti artist banksy for less than # 100. the popular street artist is believed to have ventured into gaza earlier this year, leaving behind four murals - including an image depicting the greek goddess niobe cowering amid the rubble. that painting, titled` bomb damage,' was drawn on the metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the dardouna family in northern gaza."," but unaware that banksy's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds, rabie dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for just # 100.",0.000000
"des moines, iowa -lrb- cnn -rrb- martin o'malley told reporters in iowa on friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton -- is not unbreakable. ""i've seen it before,"" the former governor of maryland and possible presidential contender said. ""history is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer or he was no longer inevitable.",""" clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it is a city transformed, swollen in size but shrunken in scope, anxiously awaiting what comes next. on kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of america's longest war. outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill nato depended upon: they speak english."," now however, their world has turned upon them.",0.000000
"after suffering a blow in the september referendum, nicola sturgeon has steadily set about boosting her political profile. in spite of the defeat which prompted her predecessor's resignation, the snp leader has racked up support across scotland since, with some fans even hopeful of a victory on may 7. but weeks after having to deny allegations of back-room plotting against ed miliband, mrs sturgeon has been rocked by more smearing claims yet."," for with just two weeks to go until she canvasses polling station queues, the 44-year-old has been accused of savage violence.",0.000000
"ryan skivington who admitted killing a girl's guinea pigs by squeezing the life out of them. a professional boxer killed a nine-year-old girl's guinea pigs in front of her by slowly squeezing the life out them before throwing them out of her window. ryan skivington from staining near blackpool took the pets, called ant and dec, out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother."," the 26-year-old lightweight, who appeared at blackpool magistrates court, today admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it is a city transformed, swollen in size but shrunken in scope, anxiously awaiting what comes next. on kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of america's longest war. outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill nato depended upon: they speak english."," now however, their world has turned upon them.",0.000000
"masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman, who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott, had to withdraw. his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection. leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport."," marc leishman has withdrawn from this year's competition to be with his wife.",0.000000
"manuel pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at manchester city next season, according to gary neville. the former manchester united defender has been critical of pellegrini's side in recent weeks as the reigning premier league champions have seen their chances of retaining the crown slip following a dismal run of form and results. but, despite the chilean being the favourite with many bookmakers to be the next managerial casualty and jurgen klopp available in the summer after announcing he is to leave borussia dortmund, it is understood city chiefs are not entertaining the idea of replacing pellegrini at present."," manuel pellegrini should be `able to correct the things that have gone wrong ', according to gary neville.",0.000000
"when emergency crews received a call saying `someone 'had been knocked down by a car in essex, they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue. but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the` victim' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest. the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre, and irritating, call outs."," two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews `someone 'had been run down, only for the` victim' to turn out to be a squirrel.",0.000000
"a west australian woman has been been granted bail after spending almost three weeks behind bars for allegedly squirting her breast milk at a police officer during an altercation. erica leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer an altercation at rockingham police station, about 50 kilometres south of perth. west australian police confirmed to daily mail australia the mother of three was arrested on march 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant, reportedly during a strip search."," erica leeder, 26, was charged after she squirted breast milk at a female police officer during a strip search.",0.000000
"momentarily, he looked his age. having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin, jordan spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green. history was assured."," he wasn't going to three-putt from there, so whatever happened this would be the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the masters.",0.000000
"mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff has revealed the team may have to make `an unpopular call 'for their drivers in light of ferrari's revival this season. following the first three races of the new formula one season it is clear mercedes will not have it all their own way as ferrari appear poised to push them all the way. wolff's remark also comes in the wake of nico rosberg's moaning over the team radio during sunday's chinese grand prix about how slow team-mate lewis hamilton was driving."," toto wolff -lrb- left -rrb- says nico rosberg -lrb- right -rrb- and lewis hamilton will have to deal with some` unpopular calls' rosberg then turned on hamilton during the post-race press conference, accusing the world champion of being selfish.",0.000000
"a woman in china showed her strength by using her legs to lift a group of people. the footage captured at a birthday party in sichuan province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage. placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights."," the woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs.",0.000000
"dancing with the stars co-host erin andrews surfaced for the first time after her nhl star boyfriend jarret stoll was busted at a pool party at the mgm grand hotel, allegedly with cocaine and molly tucked into his swim trunks. stoll, 32, who currently plays with the los angeles kings, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond friday. tmz reports the nhl player passed through security on his way to the wet republic pool at the las vegas hotel when a security guard found a `pink baggie 'filled with 3.","3 grams of cocaine and` gel-caps' containing 8.",0.000000
"college basketball player lauren hill lost her battle with cancer on friday morning, aged just 19. the indiana native, who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday, had defied doctors' expectations after they told her that she would not live past december. instead, she played four games with her team at mount st."," joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $1.",0.000000
"shanghai, china -lrb- cnn -rrb- with a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment, li lifei is living the chinese dream. but there's one missing ingredient -- his own car. the 26-year old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai, like many large chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies."," to register for a license plate auction, prospective car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online.",0.000000
"we take more photos of ourselves than ever - but it seems selfies are doing little for our self-confidence. women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie they feel comfortable posting online, a survey found. and men are happy only on their fourth try."," the new survey found women typically take and delete five pictures before they decide they like a selfie.",0.000000
"imagine if raheem sterling had actually done something wrong. imagine if he had not turned up for training. imagine if he had refused to play."," imagine if he had gone on strike.",0.000000
"his primary job is to keep opposition strikers at bay, but that hasn't stopped john terry from showing them the art of finishing too. the chelsea captain scored his side's second goal in their 3-1 win away at leicester on wednesday night - as the blues close in on their fourth premier league title. the 34-year-old's close-range effort took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions - making him the club's joint third-highest goalscorer."," john terry was on hand to prod home from close range against leicester on wednesday night.",0.000000
"a former playboy model is facing common assault charges for allegedly punching a young woman in a queensland pub, despite the victim withdrawing her complaint. the model, georgina gosden, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at townsville's mad cow tavern in on december 7 last year. she carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last april."," police are pursuing the charges against ms gosden, despite her most recent victim withdrawing the charges.",0.000000
"greece has denied it will fail to pay a multi-million pound loan following reports it has drawn up plans to introduce parallel drachma currency to pay domestic bills. the country is due to repay a # 330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said that greece will in fact make the payment on time."," greece has denied it will miss a repayment of # 330million to the international monetary fund after reports it had drawn up plans to introduce a parallel drachma currency to pay its bills.",0.000000
"it seems an accepted trend that chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas struggles during the second half of the season and the spanish midfielder was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday. the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week but his form has significantly dipped from that of the player who, around christmas, looked a dead-cert to break the barclays premier league record for assists. on tuesday - his first international appearance since october - he was given just four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper and while his season is likely to end in success with the premier league title following a capital one cup win, questions remain about fabregas' durability."," cesc fabregas -lrb- right -rrb- captained spain on tuesday but his poor form continued as they lost 2-0 in holland.",0.000000
"a hedgehog sniffing around in the dusk was once a common sight - but experts warn it may soon become a thing of the past. one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, according to a wildlife survey. and of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently, the rspb found."," the startling figures confirm fears that the small british mammal is suffering a huge decline.",0.000000
"the boss of supermarket sainsbury's has been sentenced in his absence to two years in egyptian jail over the company's disastrous venture into the middle east 16 years ago. chief executive mike coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last september after former sansbury's business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques. now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime, which relates to sainbury's joint venture with local supermarket chain edge, owned by mr el-nasharty."," mike coupe, chief executive of sainsbury's, has been sentenced to two years in an egyptian jail after a former business partner of the british supermarket claimed mr coupe tried to seize money from him.",0.000000
"as well as moving aston villa up one place in the premier league table on tuesday night, christian benteke's hat-trick against qpr was also a triumph for the top-flight's belgian contingent. the 24-year-old's treble accounted for the 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by players from belgium this season, making them the third most prolific nation in the division. benteke's goals - which arrived in a memorable 3-3 draw at villa park - moved belgium above france -lrb- 46 goals -rrb- and within 19 of second-placed spain -lrb- 67 goals -rrb-."," aston villa striker christian benteke celebrates after scoring his third goal against qpr on tuesday.",0.000000
"maate, it's the biggest bogan in straya! this is the image of the big bogan statue that the bogan shire council is aiming to erect in the town of nyngan to honour the aussie icon - and hopefully draw in the crowds. the man behind it all is graeme burke who is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue."," this is how graeme burke envisages the `big bogan 'statue will look like.",0.000000
"this eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. as a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity, interplast, worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng, from vientiane, laos, inspirational burns survivor turia pitt watched on. turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big, brown eyes."," that's because she knows that if she lived in a country like seng's, she wouldn't be here.",0.000000
"a chef has created a 10in-tall, half-kilogram burger piled with six forms of three different meats and containing a whopping 2,000 calories. the whole damn farm, which costs # 13.50, is the creation of sam longhurst, head chef of splendid kitchen, manchester."," he devised the mega meal - which contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh - after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.",0.000000
"it's a dog-eat-dog world out there, as french restaurateurs have discovered. a report to the french government is urging eateries and customers to embrace `le doggy bag 'in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year. socialist mp guillaume garot, the author of the study, said while the popular us practice was previously` unthinkable' for snooty diners and chefs, a change in attitudes could save france up to $20 billion -lrb- # 14 billion -rrb- a year."," french diners have previously seen doggy bags - popular in america and the uk - as'em barrassing ', but one mp has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- they used to do the guarding at florida prisons. now they're the ones behind bars. two florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison, the florida attorney general's office said thursday."," an fbi informant met the men -- thomas jordan driver, 25; david elliot moran, 47; and charles thomas newcomb, 42 -- after infiltrating a branch of the kkk: the traditional american knights of the ku klux klan, cnn affiliate wjxt reported.",0.000000
"diego maradona put his `hand of god 'to different use as he kept in shape by boxing training. maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986. diego maradona works on his fitness by taking part in some boxing training."," maradona started with some shots to the head before turning his attention to the body.",0.000000
"a pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing `incessantly 'into his headset during a short flight in the northern territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down, an air crash report has found. the australian air transport safety bureau -lrb- atsb -rrb- released its report on wednesday into the` wheels up landing' on december 12, 2014 at jabiru airport, southeast of darwin. the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft, registered vh-tbe, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers."," the pilot also reported that the children on board were `excited and a little disruptive 'during the flight.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- fast-food outlet burger king will sponsor the wedding of an illinois couple. not just any couple -- these are the nuptials of joel burger and ashley king. they accepted the restaurant chain's offer to pay for their july affair on monday."," ""we are very appreciative of burger king and can't thank them enough for their generosity!",0.000000
"porto will need to hit top form to advance against five-times champions bayern munich on tuesday despite holding a 3-1 first leg advantage in their champions league quarter-final, coach julen lopetegui said on monday. the spaniard warned bayern remained lethal even though they were missing several big names including arjen robben and david alaba. `we have to produce a great performance against one of the greatest teams in the history of bayern, 'lopetegui, whose team are unbeaten in the competition this season, said."," ricardo quaresma, who scored twice for porto against bayern munich, smiles during training on monday.",0.000000
"afghanistan's first female pilot to serve in the air force since the fall of the taliban has been honoured with the u.s secretary of state's international women of courage award. niloofar rahmani, 23, has defied death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family to become the first female fixed-wing air force aviator in afghanistan's history and the first female pilot in the afghan military since the fall of the taliban in 2001."," captain rahmani and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the u.",0.000000
"comedian sarah silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time she was discriminated against because of her gender. the 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, gets serious for levo league's ask4more campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14. 'i think the best person for the job should get jobs,' she says in the campaign video."," `i'm all for women having to work harder to prove themselves at this juncture if that's the way it is in the world.",0.000000
"a 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty after years of living in misery. the transgender boy, who has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child, has been given permission by a brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections, the courier mail reports. during a family court hearing, judge michael kent was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras and starving himself because he was so unhappy in his female body."," the teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy's uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.",0.000000
"havana, cuba -lrb- cnn -rrb- charlie hill sits in a dark bar on a blindingly sunny havana day. ""hey man,"" he says with a smoker's rasp and a nod that indicates he knows you have been looking for him. but then a lot of people have been looking for charlie hill for a long time."," for 43 years cuba has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana.",0.000000
"it is a source of music, information and entertainment for millions of listeners around the world yet vast numbers of people are being denied the chance to enjoy fm radio. many of the smartphones on sale today - including apple's iphones, samsung's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips. however, nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated."," now the radio industry, faced with the rise of digital radio, are calling for this to change.",0.000000
"honesty is key in any relationship -- but almost half of us lie to our partners about our finances, a study has revealed. forty-five per cent of britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards. and 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances."," around one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn, with 10 per cent of those surveyed having understated their salary, four per cent having overstated it and another four per cent admitting to lying in both ways.",0.000000
"mark hughes thinks tom jones is stopping stoke city from qualifying for europe. but on the green, green grass of home, his side were the ones denting hopes of facing the continent's elite teams with this 2-1 victory over ronald koeman's southampton. the stoke manager believes jones's hit delilah, belted out regularly by the britannia stadium hordes, is causing his side to be marked down in uefa's fair play league because of its violent theme and thus affecting their chances of qualifying for the europa league."," charlie adam scored a late winner as stoke city came from behind to earn all three points at home to ronald koeman's southampton.",0.000000
"justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend. the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio, california. a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area."," scroll down for video... off-stage drama: justin bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday after trying to gain entry to drake's gig, pictured here at the event on friday.",0.000000
"penny davison, 59, the ex-wife of a professional gambler and racehorse trainer, has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy, claiming he avoided a huge tax bill by dying. the ex-wife of a professional gambler and racehorse trainer has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy, claiming he avoided a huge tax bill by dying. albert davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses."," when he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey which had been valued at # 4.",0.000000
"it's t20 season on the sub-continent and the world's best players are about the pad up for the latest edition of the indian premier league, cricket's most exciting and richest domestic tournament. eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round india in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament's eighth edition, with the final taking place at eden gardens in kolkata on may 24. can kolkata knight riders retain their title?"," will virat kohli lead the royal challengers bangalore to their first title?",0.000000
"the brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, according to researchers. they also found the sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes. the biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line."," the brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, a study found.",0.000000
"two sisters from oklahoma and nebraska missing for nearly two weeks in michigan survived on girl scout cookies while stuck in their snow-trapped suv until state police discovered them friday near lake superior in a remote part of the upper peninsula. a pilot noticed a reflection off the ford explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure. leslie roy, 52, and lee marie wright, 56, were examined at a hospital and released."," `it was sheer joy, 'detective sgt.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in fresno, california, injured 11 people, including some inmates who were on a work detail there. others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies, fresno county sheriff margaret mims said. the exact cause of friday's blast is under investigation, mims said, but it happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader."," the explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine, mims said.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- working as a warden in rwanda's volcanoes national park, home to the endangered mountain gorilla, edwin sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals he was committed to defend -- including putting himself in harm's way. following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost, sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla. the mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison."," ""i felt so bad that i had put these people in jail -- but i felt so good that i saved a baby gorilla,"" recalls sabuhoro, whose next move was to visit the jailed poachers, as well as their families, to apologize for tricking them and find the reasons behind their actions.",0.000000
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- the flight voice recorder aboard germanwings flight 9525 reportedly captured blaring cockpit alarms, warning co-pilot andreas lubitz to ""pull up"" and that ""terrain"" was ahead. but that was not enough to stop the aircraft from slamming into the french alps. with reports that lubitz apparently ignored those warnings, there are new calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude."," the technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.",0.000000
"the kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the gone girl kidnapping of denise huskins in california says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. in yet another email to the san francisco chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would `go overseas and teach english 'or` live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life.' this came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax."," huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on march 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents' home.",0.000000
"crystal palace would sell coveted winger yannick bolasie for '# 40million to # 60million', according to manager alan pardew. pardew claims all his players are `undervalued 'as the selhurst park club bid to assert their barclays premier league clout. the former newcastle boss is ready to fend off big-money bids for his in-demand stars like bolasie and defender scott dann - but conceded` every player has a price'."," alan pardew says he would sell yannick bolasie if crystal palace were offered # 40-60million.",0.000000
"the tories will tomorrow inflame the row over a potential labour-snp power-sharing deal by unveiling the party's first `manifesto for england '. the prime minister and the outgoing leader of the commons william hague will launch the english document, which follows traditional scottish, welsh and northern irish manifestos. its centrepiece will be a pledge to introduce a system of` english votes for english laws' -- giving english mps an effective veto over legislation applying only to their constituents."," inflammatory: prime minister david cameron -lrb- left -rrb- will be joined by william hague -lrb- right -rrb- as they launch the english manifesto - with the latter expected to warn england risks being `held to ransom 'by snp.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the force is strong in turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a jedi temple to be built on campus. the petition, which was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir, so far has almost 5,500 signatures. ""there are less and less jedi left on the earth,"" the petition says."," it adds that ""uneducated padawan"" -- the novice jedis in george lucas' ""star wars"" film franchise -- ""are moving to the dark side....",0.000000
"al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help the atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win, beating the brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night. however, the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn's earl clark with 1:52 left in the first half. there was no foul called on the play which left millsap sprawled on the floor."," he grimaced as he held his shoulder while walking off the court.",0.000000
"it was 12 years ago that david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford - and the former arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents, when paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to hook it away from goal - leaving players and fans speechless. the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror, that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england."," david seaman says this save against sheffield united was the best one he ever made during his career.",0.000000
"battleground: esther mcvey, who won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436, has demanded that ed miliband condemns the attacks. tory minister esther mcvey has called on ed miliband to condemn the `scurrilous' campaign against her after she was branded` murderer mcvey 'in graffiti. the employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell."," miss mcvey has been one of the party's most prominent rising stars, but is the tory cabinet minister most at risk of becoming a casualty on election night with a fierce battle to cling on to her marginal wirral west seat.",0.000000
"police in texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest. the officer, ben johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock on tuesday. when he arrived, he contained 27-year-old viviana keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her."," johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.",0.000000
"a 21-year-old man has been charged with second-degree murder after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée at their minnesota home on easter morning while holding their baby daughter in his arms. dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his `infidelity 'in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3.40 am."," carrying the couple's three-month-old child, he then shot miss white in the face at close range, according to police.",0.000000
"since 2013, dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince the scientific community that he has found aliens in earth's stratosphere. now the controversial british professor claims he has new evidence of these `extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles -lrb- 40km -rrb- above the planet. he says the organisms test positive for dna, and have masses that are` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height."," 'dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth's stratosphere for several years.",0.000000
"father hamish baillie -lrb- pictured -rrb- claims lord janner abused him during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983. a father allegedly abused by lord janner has called for the top legal official who decided against prosecuting him to step down. alison saunders, director of public prosecutions, concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead."," last night, one of the nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former leicester west mp waived his right to anonymity to say the decision `beggars belief '-- and claimed it points to an establishment cover-up.",0.000000
"an fbi agent's sniper rifle -lrb- similar to the one pictured -rrb- was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot. an fbi agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month. the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was `secured properly 'to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites, according to police."," police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case's handle free from the lock.",0.000000
"venezuela captain juan arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder at the end of a tempestuous mexican league match. arango's tijuana side were losing 4-3 to monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to midfielder jesus zavala and bit him. 'i did something i shouldn't have done with zavala,' the 34-year old midfielder said."," juan arango -lrb- left -rrb- bites the shoulder of opponent jesus zavela in a moment of madness.",0.000000
"this is the shocking moment a bmw driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row. footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black bmw with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white bmw through his car window in east london. distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25-year-old driver of the white bmw accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight."," he briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius, appearing to trap the other man between the three cars.",0.000000
"a 14-year-old british boy has been remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack during the anzac day commemorations in australia. the teenager from blackburn, lancashire, who can not be named but is thought to be the youngest person charged with islamist-related terror offences in the uk, was arrested last weekend. he is said to have incited an australian teenager, sevdet besim, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a `lee rigby style 'massacre during a ceremony for fallen soldiers."," the 14-year-old british boy -lrb- pictured left in court sketch -rrb- has been remanded in custody after appearing in court today.",0.000000
"a firm which declared that the south of england harboured as much oil as the north sea has been forced to backtrack on its `wild claims'. last week, uk oil & gas investments -lrb- ukog -rrb- boasted it had discovered a` world class potential resource 'beneath the home counties. the oil exploration company claimed analysis of a well near gatwick airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin, covering surrey, sussex, hampshire and kent."," uk oil & gas investments has backtracked on its claims the uk could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the north sea and kuwait.",0.000000
"don mclean -lrb- pictured -rrb- is responsible american pie, the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades. there has never been a popular song quite like it. for more than 40 years, its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock'n' roll puzzle."," argued over by generations of geeky fans, deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.",0.000000
"the mother of a primary school pupil who told a labour mp he supported ukip because he wanted to get `all the foreigners out the country 'has admitted she's embarrassed by the exchange. tristram hunt, the shadow education secretary, was visiting the primary school in derby where he was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election if he could. video of the conversation shows the labour mp was stunned by the statement, which a ukip spokesman claimed shows the schoolboy had been` drinking in propaganda' from the party's rivals."," the mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained `it isn't about being foreign '.",0.000000
"a nurse has been charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off a patient's life support without permission. police in canada have also charged joanna flynn, a former nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario, with criminal negligence causing death. the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday, and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada."," the outside of georgian bay general hospital in ontario, canada, where flynn worked as a nurse.",0.000000
"for those who have ever applied for a job and not heard anything back, this could be the reason why. it turns out, falling at the first hurdle and not even being inviting to interview can be down to your cv, new research has revealed. conducted by research firm yougov for higher education school, gsm london, 600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves."," a survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes.",0.000000
"southampton boss ronald koeman will wait for a more accurate date for fraser forster's return before deciding whether an additional goalkeeper must be signed in the summer. forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the 2-0 victory over burnley a fortnight ago and estimates for his comeback have ranged from four to 12 months. koeman is reluctant to give a more precise time frame for the england international and views kelvin davis as a capable deputy, although he admits he may be forced to bolster his goalkeeping options if forster's recovery is delayed."," fraser forster suffered a serious knee injury in southampton's match with burnley a couple of weeks ago.",0.000000
"when asma fahmi took her ill mother to a matinee screening of les miserables in sydney, the last thing she expected was a violent racial attack on her and her family in broad daylight. this 34-year-old has spoken about the horrific attack by three men who pelted hard boiled eggs at them as they walked to their car in the late afternoon last saturday. `they were basically throwing missiles at us, 'asma told daily mail australia."," asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.",0.000000
"liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team. ahead of sunday's fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley, rodgers indicated it could take two decades for sheik mansour's club to reach the status of either liverpool or manchester united. city have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for sterling, who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal."," the champions have also monitored vice-captain jordan henderson, who only has a season left on his anfield contract.",0.000000
"with its carefully controlled, stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans, the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring. but not if you are on nick clegg's tour, where the lib dem leader has boarded his bright yellow `fun bus' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities which today saw him try his hand at ten-pin bowling. aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives."," and if that means pulling pints, sipping cocktails, hurtling down a zipwire or chatting to joey essex or a hedgehog with a brain injury, mr clegg seems only to happy to oblige.",0.000000
"atlanta -lrb- cnn -rrb- a fake name on a facebook post can still get you in real trouble, especially when you're threatening to shoot every white cop you see. ebony dickens of east point, georgia, posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan, police said. ""all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting now,"" said the post made on monday."," ""i condone black on white killings.",0.000000
"it seemed a somewhat unusual honeymoon destination for kim kardashian and kanye west. but the couple insist they fell in love with the `calm 'of ireland on a previous visit and just had to return. of course, they did it in style, staying at the 18th-century ballyfin, at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains in the centre of the country."," and now the five-star hotel has been given the highest accolade, declared the grandest hotel in ireland by conde nast traveller magazine.",0.000000
"there will have been eight madrid derbies by the end of this season, no city showdown has been played more in recent years. mailsport looks at the reasons why atletico madrid's meeting with real madrid can also lay claim to be the greatest city derby in world football. opposites attract."," the clash of styles is always fascinating.",0.000000
"an alleged fraudster has been accused of posing as oprah winfrey, executives from her tv network, former obama aide reggie love and madonna's manager in an attempt to trick people into giving him jobs, clothes, free food and jewelry worth $2.4 million. justin jackson, a florida man, has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies, or winning himself a job in luxurious hotels, according to court documents."," jackson is being sued by oprah's tv network as well as love - the college basketball star who went on to be the president's personal assistant.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in july of 2013, the oldest of jesus relics stories rose again when turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of jesus' cross. ""we have found a holy thing in a chest. it is a piece of a cross,"" said excavation team leader gülgün köroğlu, an art historian and archaeologist."," at the time, she thought the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person's relics -- ones connected to jesus' crucifixion.",0.000000
"the full horror of `crime and punishment 'under the islamic state is laid bare in a document which sets out a list of harsh penalties for anyone who falls foul of the terror group's strict interpretation of its own laws. top of the list is` death' for anyone who insults god or his messenger or blasphemes against islam. adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death, while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and `banishment 'from the community."," crucified: the list of isis' gruesome punishments dictates that` spying for disbelievers' is punishable by death - a fate this man suffered by being publicly crucified.",0.000000
"monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev claims manchester united bosses have yet to decide whether they will sign radamel falcao on a permanent deal in the summer. colombia striker falcao joined united on a one-year loan deal in september but has failed to shine during his time at old trafford - scoring just four goals in 25 appearances for the manchester club this season. radamel falcao takes aim at goal as chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois looks on at stamford bridge."," colombia striker falcao joined united on a one-year loan deal in september but has failed to shine.",0.000000
"bayern's shock 3-1 defeat by porto may not have gone down well in munich but in manchester -- the blue half at least -- it will have been a different story. pep guardiola, whose side were outplayed in portugal on wednesday, remains manchester city's first choice to replace under-fire manuel pellegrini. he has a year remaining on his contract in germany but a quarter-final champions league exit, which now seems like a real possibility, could help persuade his employers let him go this summer."," pep guardiola saw his bayern munich side lose 3-1 against porto on wednesday night in portugal.",0.000000
"fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on saturday. the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at caykur rizespor in turkey's super lig. fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else."," marks can be seen on the windscreen of the fenerbahce team bus after the attack.",0.000000
"fc united of manchester, the club set up in protest at the glazer family's takeover of manchester united, are now two promotions away from the football league. on an emotional night in front of 3,588 noisy fans the rebels, soon to celebrate their 10th anniversary, sealed the fourth promotion of their short history with this nervy win over stourbridge saw them crowned evo-stik northern premier champions. hundreds of ecstatic supporters invaded the pitch at the final whistle as the breakaway outfit secured elevation to the sixth tier after the heartbreak of no less than four play-off defeats."," video scroll down to see pitch invasion as fc united of manchester win evo-stik north title.",0.000000
"david bowie, who performed an alien in the cult classic film the man who fell to earth, has composed music for a new stage version in new york. the british musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop. based on the novel by walter tevis, the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet and becomes enamored with alcohol and television."," flashback: david bowie is returning to the man who fell to earth by penning a new stage version and original songs for a production on new york's broadway later this year.",0.000000
"alastair cook still has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors and is unbeaten in four tests. but his hopes of remaining england captain in the ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home. the opinions of ecb chairman-elect colin graves, new chief executive tom harrison and the man they eventually make director of cricket matter far more than what anyone in the caribbean thinks."," the three half-centuries cook made in his last four test innings of last summer count for little now as his battle to prove he remains the best man for the job nears crunch time.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a skywest airlines flight made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york, on wednesday after a passenger lost consciousness, officials said. the passenger received medical attention before being released, according to marissa snow, spokeswoman for skywest. she said the airliner expects to accommodate the 75 passengers on another aircraft to their original destination -- hartford, connecticut -- later wednesday afternoon."," the federal aviation administration initially reported a pressurization problem and said it would investigate.",0.000000
"tennis star caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated american golf sensation jordan spieth on twitter following his masters success. spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the masters at augusta. but, it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest rory mcilroy as the world no 1 golfer finished strongly for fourth."," caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated golf sensation jordan spieth.",0.000000
"england removed both west indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second test in grenada but the under-pressure visitors has a major stroke of fortune. after james anderson castled kraigg brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over, chris jordan had devon smith caught behind. smith should still be there, however, after replays clearly showed the ball had missed his outside edge as he thrust forward outside off stump."," replays show devon smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off chris jordan.",0.000000
"ed miliband will announce plans for first-time buyers to pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000. first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000 and have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government, ed miliband will say today. mr miliband will say labour's reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers -- saving them up to # 5,000 in tax."," labour claims its tax break -- which would last three years -- would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard.",0.000000
"a gp has warned the health service is at `breaking point 'as he faces the challenge of providing a safe standard of care for 4,300 patients on his books. dr arfon williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in north wales, after his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march. his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service, dr williams said."," health bosses responsible for north wales said difficulties recruiting gps is a national issue, adding they are exploring a number of options.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- china's cybercensors have long used a ""great firewall"" to block its citizens from reading critical articles from western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of. but it's no longer enough for them, says a study published friday. they've developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders, including in the united states."," the study's authors have named it the ""great cannon,"" and it operates in plain sight.",0.000000
"sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. the neglected cat from sea isle city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency s.o.","s sea isle cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.",0.000000
"since 2013, dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince the scientific community that he has found aliens in earth's stratosphere. now the controversial british professor claims he has new evidence of these `extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles -lrb- 40km -rrb- above the planet. he says the organisms test positive for dna, and have masses that are` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height."," 'dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth's stratosphere for several years.",0.000000
"the obama administration stepped up its lobbying campaign on capitol hill today to try to persuade lawmakers not to pass any legislation that could hamper prospects for negotiating a final deal with iran to curb its nuclear program. administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers, urging them to support the deal secretary of state john kerry negotiated with iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs. the president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant `that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today."," 'with the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal, the white house said administration officials would hold classified briefings with members of congress aimed at` helping' them understand `commitments iran has made so far, and how those commitments we hope will be finalized hopefully in the next two months.",0.000000
"prison officer thomas jordan driver, 25, was arrested on thursday. he and fellow klan members planned to kill a black inmate after his release in retaliation for a fight, officials said. three florida prison officers who belong to the ku klux klan have been charged with plotting to kill a black inmate after his release, officials said on thursday."," the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight, officials said.",0.000000
"england wing christian wade has been slammed by wasps team-mate andy goode after he failed to show up to a charity function on tuesday night. goode accused the 23-year-old of having `bad values' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation -- set up by and named after the paralysed former leicester tigers prop -- because he was` too tired '. danny cipriani, shaun edwards and mark cueto were among the stars at the `beers with the boys' night in birmingham, where guests were also treated to a haka performance by leicester team-mates manu tuilagi and logovi'i mulipola."," the matt hampson foundation's event was on wednesday, named after the former england u21 prop -lrb- left -rrb-.",0.000000
"as captain ross poldark, his brooding good looks and rippling muscles have sent women around the country into a frenzy. but aidan turner's poldark co-star heida reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist, and is unintentionally undermining the bbc1 series. miss reed, 27, who stars in the period drama as poldark's former lover elizabeth, said turner, 31, was being `objectified 'in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female."," poldark star heida reed has claimed audiences' obsession with aidan turner's -lrb- pictured body is sexist.",0.000000
"president barack obama threw off the gloves and took a direct punch at one of his possible successors, likely republican presidential candidate scott walker, in an interview airing this morning. responding to walker's claims that he'd `absolutely 'cancel or` disown' a deal with iran on `day one 'if elected to higher office, obama told npr morning edition host steve inskeep that such an approach` would be foolish.' `and, you know, perhaps mr."," walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way, 'the president added.",0.000000
"jack grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season after overtures from republic of ireland and england. the situation is described as 50/50 at this stage, with the 19-year-old having taken time out from national duty seven months ago. grealish has met ireland manager martin o'neill and held a friendly chat with roy keane after winning the country's under-21 player of the year award in dublin last month."," jack grealish put in a dazzling performance as aston villa beat liverpool in an fa cup semi-final on sunday.",0.000000
"a mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer was removed from court after confronting the father during a parental rights termination hearing. mitchelle blair, 35, from michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry."," blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed.",0.000000
"chelsea manager jose mourinho has heaped praise upon loic remy after the striker scored his second consecutive winner in the 2-1 victory over stoke on saturday. remy's goal meant mourinho's side took another step towards securing the premier league title with three points, despite an injury to diego costa. costa hobbled off 10 minutes after replacing oscar at half-time, with another hamstring problem leaving him set for a spell on the sidelines."," remy scored chelsea's winner against stoke in the game at stamford bridge on saturday.",0.000000
"in the search for meaning and importance, the fa cup might have found its saviour. enter liverpool and brendan rodgers, a club and manager not just popping into the party to say a polite hello and a quick goodbye. tonight, against blackburn at ewood park, rodgers faces one of those defining moments in a season that has not lacked them."," his only hope must be that this time it doesn't go so horribly wrong.",0.000000
"landlord: despite attacking right to buy, emily thornberry has three homes. a senior labour politician was under fire last night for attacking right to buy -- while renting out a property she bought from a housing association. emily thornberry has come out against david cameron's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes."," but eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost # 1million.",0.000000
"huddersfield coach paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the super league ladder. the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period but they go into sunday's home game against catalans dragons with the best defensive record in the league. `there's no hiding away from the fact we are a very good defensive team, we've just got to get our juices flowing offensively more than anything and we've put some things in place to try and make that happen, 'said anderson."," paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his hudderfield side's misfiring attack to climb up super league.",0.000000
"patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to replace manuel pellegrini should the club sack the under-fire manager. pellegrini's future at the etihad stadium is under scrutiny following a largely disappointing campaign. vieira would be a candidate to take over from pellegrini should the city board decide to make a change."," manchester city players have backed patrick vieira -lrb- left -rrb- to replace manuel pellegrini as manager of the club - if the latter at the helm of the etihad stadium outfit is sacked at the end of the season.",0.000000
"brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four and admitted this slide out of the elite will damage liverpool in the transfer market. rodgers knows he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a champions league campaign -- and to keep those who might be hankering after a move, such as raheem sterling. `it makes it difficult, there's no doubt about that, 'said the liverpool manager.","` most players want to be in the champions league.",0.000000
"the world endurance championship, whose annual highlight is the le mans 24 hours sportscar classic, is getting rid of the grid girls. in a move that will be applauded by many, and is sure to dismay those accustomed to seeing scantily-clad beauties posing next to cars before a race, the fia-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance. `from silverstone next week, you will see that for any race we will do - no grid girls like in the past, 'wec chief executive gerard neveu said after a presentation on thursday for the opening silverstone six-hour race."," the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more` grid girls' before races.",0.000000
"shirley temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her'em otionally unstable 'during her fbi background check. john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would `overreact if she didn't get her way'. he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much."," his efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including ronald reagan came to temple's defense and called her a` very courageous woman of the highest morals'.",0.000000
"a busy town centre was brought to a standstill this afternoon after a mysterious 15-foot sinkhole opened up in the road without warning - almost swallowing a number of cars in the process. motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared on the residential earl street in northampton at around 2pm, just hours after part of a london pavement collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian. shocking pictures show the gaping chasm - which was around eight foot -lrb- 2.","4 metres -rrb- wide - with a section of surrounding road also looking on the verge of collapse.",0.000000
"it could be a scene from crocodile dundee - although in lieu of the iconic croc-tooth cowboy hat there's a baseball cap instead. gary saurage, 45, who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont, texas, was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond. a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards."," he appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.",0.000000
"a woman suspected of abandoning her newborn baby girl in a south carolina dumpster has come forward following the rescue of the hours old infant by a teenager. horry county police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police. the baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by austin detray on thursday afternoon when he heard her crying."," inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, according to wmbf.",0.000000
"the mother of a new york city tv reporter blamed her sudden death at the age of 49 on her boss in a confrontation at the funeral, a new report has claimed. lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in the borough of queens on march 19, when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness. the reporter's mother lois colagrossi was greeting mourners at her funeral on march 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss camille edwards."," witnesses who overheard the allegedly awkward interaction told the new york post's page six that mrs colagrossi refused to hug edwards and told her: `you are the reason i am standing in this church '.",0.000000
"an eight-year-old abuse survivor, who was beaten so severely as an infant that she permanently lost the use of her legs, has written a heartwrenching open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home where she is loved. marie surprenant, from atlanta, georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the children's healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic. after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele surprenant."," 'i want to thank you for making me happy by giving me a new warm and safe environment,' marie began her handwritten letter, which was published on children's healthcare of atlanta's blog.",0.000000
"a massive, fast-moving wildfire in southern california has forced residents of 300 homes to flee their homes in the middle of the night. the raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove. the fire along the border of cities norco and corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles, resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate the are area over the weekend."," by midday, sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.",0.000000
"a newly-wed couple were taken on a romantic flight over the mediterranean which left airline enthusiasts baffled after the passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff. the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight."," the airbus a319 flew two circuits around malta, with final section skirting the italian coast.",0.000000
"a drug-addicted ryanair steward who swiped a # 500 camera left on a flight was rumbled by the owner who spotted the listing on ebay and reported him to police. teacher aaron galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in the czech republic capital. ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the # 499 nikon."," flighty: ryanair steward fernando miguel andrade viseu begged adam galloway not to report him to police when he replied to a message warning him that he could prove that he was selling stolen goods.",0.000000
"a man, 21, allegedly forced a tearful 15-year-old girl into his car on saturday and screamed, `you will never see your parents again! 'in attempt to force her to be his teen bride. kong meng xiong, 21, of st."," paul, minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.",0.000000
"the chairman of a house committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on americans in benghazi, libya, on thursday called former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton to testify at a public hearing next month. the move will set up a high-profile showdown over clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state -- and allow the gop to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a cia annex nearby. south carolina republican rep."," trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before june 18.",0.000000
"together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars and created the memorable theme tune of australian television soap neighbours. tony hatch and jackie trent, who were married for more than three decades, were dubbed `mr and mrs music 'after composing for artists including frank sinatra, dean martin, scott walker, shirley bassey and petula clark. so when trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer, hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye."," true, their marriage had ended in divorce, but they had a daughter together and one of the most successful creative unions in showbusiness.",0.000000
"a photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny. roger, an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan. sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it."," alpha kangaroo roger cuddles up to his new soft toy bunny while showing off his massive guns.",0.000000
"defender per mertesacker believes arsenal have become a stronger unit from their fa cup success of last season, but can not allow themselves any sense of complacency against reading at wembley in saturday's fa cup semi-final. the gunners head into the tie on the back of a superb run of form, which has seen them win 16 from 18 matches in all competitions and up into second place in the barclays premier league. the atmosphere around the club is certainly a world way from the tense finale to the 2013/14 campaign, when arsenal were under extreme pressure in the quest to finally end a near decade wait for silverware as well as finish in the top four of the barclays premier league once again, not to mention the uncertainty around the future of manager arsene wenger."," per mertesacker will not allow arsenal to become complacent in fa cup semi-final against reading.",0.000000
"in the aftermath of sunday's derby disaster the talk among fans was of summer incomings to reboot a blue machine that, all-of-a-sudden, looks as outdated as a commodore 64. then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager manuel pellegrini. but the biggest challenge for manchester city this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have."," manchester city striker sergio aguero looks on dejected during the defeat by united at old trafford.",0.000000
"in an effort to counter rival netflix's entry into the australian market, cable tv's foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed us women's prison drama orange is the new black by screening every episode in a full season marathon. a kink in the agreement with us studio lionsgate - under which both foxtel and rival netflix share the rights - allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well. pedestrian.","tv website reports that the one lingering issue that adversely affects netflix's operations in australia is pre-existing distribution deals cut for its original shows in markets where, previously, it didn't exist.",0.000000
"a 69-year-old mentally impaired man from connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother. last month a court ruled richard lapointe, a former dishwasher, was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.","in lieu of his prison jumpsuit,.",0.000000
"glowing tributes were paid yesterday to cricketing legend richie benaud, after his death at 84 from skin cancer. at lord's, mcc flags were lowered, and the australian government offered a state funeral for the man who never lost a test series as his country's captain, then became a commentator. david cameron said he had `grown up listening to richie benaud's wonderful cricket commentary ', while his australian counterpart tony abbott called it` a sad day for australia'."," retiring as a player in 1964, benaud's masterful analysis was universally revered.",0.000000
"the widow of a cyclist killed after hitting a pothole during a charity ride from land's end to john o'groats has won a six-figure payout from the council who failed to mend the road. martyn uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole. just a month before the tragedy, the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard."," but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.",0.000000
"english referee mark clattenburg will take charge of the champions league quarter-final clash between paris saint-germain and barcelona on wednesday night, and he will be assisted by five other englishmen. clattenburg, regarded by uefa to be england's top official, is the only english appointment for the first leg meetings of europe's top eight clubs with fellow top ref martin atkinson not selected for this round of fixtures. completing the all-english officials team at the parc des princes on wednesday will be assistants simon beck and jake collin, additional assistants anthony taylor and andre marriner and fourth official stuart burt."," mark clattenburg will take charge of paris saint-germain vs barcelona in the champions league this week.",0.000000
"summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes inevitably sunburned skin, several broken flip flops and maybe even a water-logged mobile phone or two. but don't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun, surf and sand. below, mailonline travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle."," when travelling this summer, there are some basic travel hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch.",0.000000
"nightclub promoters have apologised after a photo of a young woman sprawled out on a tiled-floor was used to advertise their easter weekend event - just a week after the owner's son was convicted of raping a teenage girl at the venue. a photo of a `drunken 'young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on soho nightclub's facebook page on april 3 - a week after luke lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club. the 23-year-old privileged son of andrew lazarus, the owner of the venue in sydney's kings cross, was jailed for at least three years for the crime on march 27."," the photo's caption said:` we're throwing an extra special yeezter event tonight.",0.000000
"a mother has revealed her addiction to alcohol has cost the nhs more than # 100,000. julie merner's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. in january, following her latest admission, the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit, which has ravaged her liver, causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis."," 'i know if i carry on, i will end up dead - they say one more drop will kill me,' said the mother-of-three, who has been left with `luminous' jaundiced skin.",0.000000
"ukip is only seen as racist by white people, nigel farage has claimed. the party leader said that he gets an `unbelievably 'positive welcome when he meets black people. but he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters -- including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires -- from backing him publicly."," mr farage said that when he goes into` black parts' of london he gets a warm reception.",0.000000
"there's not been a lot to laugh about this season at doncaster rovers. an uninspired campaign has seen the yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in league one. saturday's visit of fleetwood town, who were eyeing the beach after their play-off hopes had all but evaporated, hardly promised to be a thriller."," doncaster's league one encounter against fleetwood tested the patience of the most ardent fan.",0.000000
"a workman caught hanging out the door of a van travelling at 85mph down the motorway says he was only doing it because he needed some fresh air. the man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the m40 near oxford. he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle."," today his boss, who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing, revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out of the door because he wasn't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air.",0.000000
"hein verbruggen, the controversial former head of international cycling, says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci after being criticised by the inquiry into the lance armstrong doping scandal. the independent commission for reform in cycling's -lrb- circ -rrb- report concluded that, under verbruggen's leadership, the uci had colluded with armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times tour de france winner had doped. verbruggen has now written to all uci board members saying he has put the `scandalously biased 'report - which he also calls a` character assassination' - into the hands of lawyers."," former head of international cycling hein verbruggen is unhappy with the circ report verdict.",0.000000
"condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday. that's according close supporter and artist ben quilty, who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan's execution. `myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down, 'mr quilty told radio 2gb.","` that he would stare them down, that no-one would cover his eyes, that he would face it with dignity.",0.000000
"rory mcilroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the masters. the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion. only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the masters era, those being jack nicklaus, tiger woods, ben hogan, gary player and gene sarazen."," rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta.",0.000000
"raheem sterling arrived at liverpool's melwood base for training on wednesday after the latest twist to his controversy-ridden season. sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide, but fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe, this time alongside young team-mate jordon ibe. sterling, 20, and ibe, 19, were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a shisha cafe in london earlier this season."," the teenager was spotted arriving at melwood on wednesday just seconds after sterling.",0.000000
"tennis star caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated american golf sensation jordan spieth on twitter following his masters success. spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the masters at augusta. but, it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest rory mcilroy as the world no 1 golfer finished strongly for fourth."," caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated golf sensation jordan spieth.",0.000000
"zenit st petersburg striker hulk lived up to his nickname on monday night by dressing up as the aforementioned superhero at the premiere of the avengers: age of ultron movie. the 28-year-old, who acquired his nickname due to his likeness to the actor lou ferrigno who played the incredible hulk in the incredible hulk television show in the 1970s, was all smiles as he posed for photos ahead of watching the film. accompanied with the caption: `hulk at the premier of the blockbuster ""avengers: age of ultron"" @hulkparaiba #avengers' the brazil international was pictured wearing the superhero's iconic green hands via zenit's official instagram account."," zenit st petersburg striker hulk dressed up as the aforementioned superhero at the latest avengers movie.",0.000000
"he has been a colossus of the game. he has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england, six premier league titles, the fa cup and the champions league. in his pomp, he was the stuff of strikers' nightmares, driving some of the world's greatest goalscorers to distraction with lightning-sharp reactions and an instinctive reading of the game."," that's why it's such a shame that what is likely to be rio ferdinand's farewell year in the english game has fizzled out.",0.000000
"benfica have made an enquiry for sheffield united's diego de girolamo. the italy under 20 international is leaving bramall lane this summer as he is out of contract and has an offer from juventus also. celtic want the forward to train with them ahead of making a decision while southampton have also expressed an interest."," diego de girolamo -lrb- right -rrb- is leaving sheffield united at the end of the season when his contract expires.",0.000000
"shanghai, china -lrb- cnn -rrb- volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest china to the united states next month, the first time chinese-built passenger cars will roll into american showrooms. parent company geely automobile, which bought volvo in 2010, is seeking to prove that a chinese company can manage a global auto brand. geely's gambit will be watched to see if it paves the way for other chinese car manufacturers to crack developed markets."," ceo håkan samuelsson said volvo planned to sell 1,500 chinese-made s60 inscription sedans in 2015 and 5,000 annually in subsequent years.",0.000000
"a lost iphone was reunited with its owner after police posted a series of bizarre photos on the woman's facebook page in a bid to track her down. the phone, which belonged to bella crooke from melbourne, was handed in to albury police station on the nsw-victoria border on sunday morning. police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on bella's facebook page."," officers from albury police station on the nsw-victoria border posted selfies on a woman's facebook page saying she could come and collect her phone after it was handed in on sunday morning.",0.000000
"with just over two weeks to go until the $300million mega-fight, floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have showed off their toned physique's - as there preparations continue. the fight takes place at the las vegas, mgm grand garden arena on may 2 - with the bout being billed as the biggest in the history of the sport. and the filipino boxer has been keen to show off he's in the best condition of his life, with a series of posts in the last few weeks showing off his impeccable athletic body."," manny pacquiao used instagram to show his fans a photo of his ripped body as he continues his preparation.",0.000000
"the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram. with 342,969 photos, it trumps sydney's popular bondi beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos. it is then followed by the world heritage listed sydney opera house with 134,641."," the famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most `instagrammed 'places in australia as part of research released by love home swap on wednesday, based on hashtag usage on images shared on instagram.",0.000000
"they are some of the most violent events on the planet, throwing out millions of tonnes of gas, ash and molten rock with each eruption. yet the majority of the world's volcanoes are found deep underwater where immense water pressure does weird things to the lava that bubbles out of them. now scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes - and they are surprisingly quiet for such a violent event."," scroll down to watch and listen to an underwater volcano erupting.",0.000000
"most afternoons, after the players had drifted away from tottenham's training centre, tim sherwood would sit for hours with his coaches chris ramsey and les ferdinand in the staff canteen. they were always together, forming an alliance after tottenham chairman daniel levy made sherwood responsible for the club's youth and under 21 programmes in 2008. on tuesday evening they will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park, trying to lead their teams away from relegation danger in these final, fraught weeks of the barclays premier league season."," tim sherwood -lrb- from left to right -rrb-, les ferdinand and chris ramsey during their time at white hart lane.",0.000000
"stephanie scott's devastated father has opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder, which took place just days before her much-anticipated wedding. the adored school teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday. ms scott's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to."," she was also a person who gave so much joy to others.",0.000000
"pep guardiola was left purring at bayern munich's first-half performance against porto as the club put a turbulent week behind them to storm in to the champions league semi-finals. a 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week followed by the dramatic resignation of long-serving club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt had turned the spotlight on guardiola heading in to the tie. but the bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business as his side raced in to a 5-0 lead before half-time on tuesday night."," bayern munich players celebrate in front of their fans after the 6-1 demolition of porto on tuesday night.",0.000000
"for most couples, a peck on the lips is a quick way to show affection. but for kerrie armitage, a kiss from husband peter can trigger agonising hives. the mother-of-three, from leeds, suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria -- an allergy to water."," she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm.",0.000000
"conversation is limited to `mummy 'and` bye bye' and simply standing up unaided is a major achievement. but 11-month-old babies have already mastered the fundamentals of physics. baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall."," their curiosity did not end there.",0.000000
"a british university student has been ordered out of russia amid claims she is a spy. history postgraduate laura sumner, 24, was given ten days to leave the country after being fined # 23.50 for an alleged visa violation."," but russian media reports have branded her `agent sumner 'and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- somewhere over the rainbow, people on the internet are losing their minds. is it real? after the new york area received a large amount of rain, four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on tuesday."," amanda curtis, ceo of a fashion company in new york, snapped the lucky shot.",0.000000
"probe: dr rory lyons was suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service and his surgery raided following four deaths `of concern 'the unexpected deaths of two members of a family are at the centre of a criminal probe into their gp. detectives raided dr rory lyons' private health centre and medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients. cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died."," islanders claim the death from pneumonia of karen, 52, in january prompted the investigation, which then uncovered three more deaths of concern -- including that of retired stonemason colin, 63, who died of heart failure in may.",0.000000
"a new study has suggested the oral contraceptive pill could shrink parts of the brain that govern a woman's emotions. for the 100 million women worldwide on the contraceptive pill, the side effects are familiar. mood swings, headaches and nausea, while more serious complications include blood clots and breast cancer."," but scientists in california have added another potential cause for concern to the check list.",0.000000
"the time has come for australia's favourite rock star-turned-politician peter garrett to sell his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney's affluent eastern suburbs. the retired midnight oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family's sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million."," the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters, emily, grace and may.",0.000000
"tragedy: carwyn scott-howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell, nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn, 19, in the alps. the family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the french alps have paid tribute to their `daring, outgoing, determined little boy 'and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff. it is thought carwyn scott-howell may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of flaine."," he was on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell, nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn, 19.",0.000000
"xiangyu ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde -- a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid -- starting last september. a cancer biology phd student at stanford university is facing four felony poisoning charges after confessing to putting a known carcinogen into classmates' water bottles over the course of weeks. xiangyu ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde - a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid - starting last september."," now, the recipient of singapore's prestigious agency for science, technology and research -lrb- a * star -rrb- scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.",0.000000
"rory mcilroy admits thursday can not come soon enough as he bids to complete the career grand slam by winning the masters. the hype surrounding mcilroy's attempt to join gene sarazen, ben hogan, gary player, jack nicklaus and tiger woods in winning all four major titles has been building since the night before his open victory at hoylake last july. and although the return of woods to competitive action after two months on the sidelines has taken some of the spotlight off mcilroy, the world no 1 is anxious to let his clubs do the talking."," rory mcilroy insists he has arrived at augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the masters.",0.000000
"the family of a man shot dead by a reserve deputy who confused his weapon for his taser has slammed the gunman's decision to take a month-long vacation to the bahamas while out on bond. robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris, who was killed during a botched sting on april 2. despite the charges, the judge said that the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the bahamas, nbc reported."," harris' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer.",0.000000
"washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- supreme court justices appeared divided tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage, with justice anthony kennedy returning to a familiar role as the court's pivotal vote. chief justice john roberts -- who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold obamacare -- this time seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices. the arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside -- with one protester even interrupting the arguments from within."," related: how a cincinnati judge could shape the gay marriage case.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- in baseball, there's a traditional comeback after a tough season: ""wait'til next year!"" for climate change ""next year"" is now. this year is the time and the united nations' international climate negotiations in paris in december are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions."," a successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway.",0.000000
"an oregon teacher is suing her rural school district over the lingering stress she feels following a surprise active shooter drill that administrators held in 2013. linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in the tiny town of halfway in august of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger. the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her `preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.","` you're dead, 'the shooter said.",0.000000
"those surprised at yaya toure's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from manchester city this week should not be. the ivorian's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs. toure, for example, left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division."," following that came some formative years playing for metalurh donetsk in eastern ukraine.",0.000000
"stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior. a mayor has been sacked from his job at the council after he was given paid leave to attend a funeral - but visited a warship instead. stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior."," photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship, 323 miles from his patch.",0.000000
"mario balotelli receives the most abuse and chelsea the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media, according to extensive research undertaken by kick it out. sportsmail can reveal the shocking, acidic culture of discrimination -- mainly based on race, gender or sexual orientation -- aimed at premier league football clubs and their players on the internet. football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with tempero and brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online."," liverpool striker mario balotelli is the premier league player who receives most abuse online.",0.000000
"leeds showed they are in good shape to cope with kevin sinfield's retirement as they claimed a 26-12 derby victory over castleford in front of a sell-out crowd at the mend-a-hose jungle. the first utility super league leaders were without their inspirational captain, who this week announced he is to switch codes at the end of 2015, for the third successive game on good friday, but they continue to thrive without him. the rhinos had beaten wigan and catalans dragons in sinfield's absence and added castleford to that list thanks to an excellent team performance, with young winger ash handley particularly impressive up against the formidable justin carney."," leeds rhino's adam cuthbertson celebrates a try with jamie peacock -lrb- left -rrb-.",0.000000
"eloise parry, known as ella, 21, died this week after taking a lethal overdose of diet pills. this week, a 21-year-old university student died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills. eloise parry, known as ella, `burned up from the inside, after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol, or dnp."," after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.",0.000000
"arsene wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week. the arsenal manager, who has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in september 1996, has lifted the lid on his pre-match rituals in an interview with the official arsenal magazine. wenger said: 'i always have eight or nine players of my team in my head the day before the game, but there's always a doubt on one or two."," arsene wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his arsenal team.",0.000000
"raheem sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a tv documentary charting brendan rodgers' early days in charge of liverpool in the summer of 2012. in footage from a pre-season training session, the liverpool manager is seen rebuking sterling -- then a talented but largely untried teenager -- for answering him back. a little more than two-and-a-half years on and much has changed."," now sterling is a 20-year-old england international and a cornerstone of liverpool's first team.",0.000000
"they say you should never forget your roots. even more so in the case of this striking tree spotted in southern china. the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots."," it has captured the attention of locals, who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure, reported the people's daily online.",0.000000
"friends of an uzbekistani woman who died this week claim she was the world's oldest person ever having reached the age of 135. tuti yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1, 1880. they now want the guinness book of records to document that achievement."," the current record holder is french woman jeanne calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.",0.000000
"sophie wilson performed cpr on bradley wilson. a teenage girl has told how she saved the life of a childhood friend who attempted suicide after months of bullying. sophie wilson, 17, performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in willenhall, in coventry."," the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children's hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a `miracle 'recovery, as she thanked the girls.",0.000000
"a young mother diagnosed with dementia at only 41 is living in fear that she will forget her teenage daughter as doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years. kelly watson, of gateshead in tyne and wear, started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination. despite regular trips to gps, it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young."," most likely she was bipolar or depressed.",0.000000
"this is the `disgusting 'meal that was served to an 81-year-old woman living in sheltered housing. joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn, newport for around eight months. the elderly woman's son, steve, visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals."," but after finding the` terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room, mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- two delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move two weeks after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure, federal officials say -- during a trip to the u.s. virgin islands, their lawyer said saturday."," steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st.",0.000000
"a taxi driver has entered the chinese record books by taking 30,000 selfies with passengers. teng jiazhi or `uncle teng, 'from shenyang, north china, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30 c.` they had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi' he told reporters from people's daily online."," popular: teng jiazhi poses with three passengers in one of the thousands of selfies taken in his cab.",0.000000
"the lovers who got the most complaints in new york city for loud sex are a handyman and the girlfriend he pops round for quickies with in the building where he works. the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover, of a dominican woman in her late 30s, who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn. the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex."," most complained: the building maintenance worker -lrb- left -rrb- and his girlfriend -lrb- right -rrb-, who is now four months pregnant, were complained about six times for excessive noise at the bay ridge block, official records show.",0.000000
"miami -lrb- cnn -rrb- world heavyweight boxing champion wladimir klitschko has an important title defense coming up, but his thoughts continue to be dominated by the ongoing fight for democracy in ukraine. speaking to cnn from his miami training base ahead of the april 25 showdown with american challenger bryant jennings in new york, klitschko said the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset. ""my country is unfortunately suffering in the war with russia -- not that ukraine tried to give any aggression to any other nation, in this particular case russia, unfortunately it's the other way around,"" klitschko told cnn."," ""i never thought that our brother folk is going to have war with us, so that ukrainians and russians are going to be divided with blood,"" he added.",0.000000
"a drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions' enclosure at a zoo in western india. rahul kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad, and began running towards the animals, shouting he would `kill them '. mr kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and` thought i'd stand a good chance' against the predators."," next level drunk: intoxicated rahul kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting `today i kill a lion!",0.000000
"it's usually children who are seen splashing away in spray fountains. but one dog was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in brooklyn, new york, over the weekend. lihi yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water."," each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.",0.000000
"there'll be no need to queue up at the gates of buckingham palace and crane your neck to discover the sex of the new royal baby. in fact, all you'll need is access to the internet. when prince george's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world, their arrival will be announced first on twitter according to a report in the sunday times."," news of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of buckingham palace, just like prince george and prince william before him - or her.",0.000000
"a drugs charity has called on footballer raheem sterling to apologise to fans after he was filmed apparently inhaling legal high `hippy crack '. footage emerged today which appears to show the liverpool and england winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on. drugs charity re-solv has called on the` role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health."," footballer raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as `hippy crack 'the video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out.",0.000000
"melbourne radio broadcaster john burns has been revealed as the media personality alleged to have vilified richmond's bachar houli. burns, who hosts 3aw morning show ross and john with ross stevenson, is alleged to have referred to houli as a `terrorist 'at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the tigers' match against melbourne. the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is` mortified 'by the allegation."," 3aw host john burns -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been named as the media personality who allegedly called bachar houli a `terrorist' john burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall the comment being made.",0.000000
"bafetimbi gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury as the swansea city striker returned to france in a bid to get back playing as soon as possible. the french forward suffered the injury during the swans' 1-1 premier league draw with everton earlier this month and has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in lyon. scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear that should keep the 29-year-old out for between three and four weeks but gomis has been pleased with his progress during the first week of rehabilitation."," swansea city striker bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from his hamstring injury in france.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season's english premier league title alive by beating relegation threatened burnley 1-0 at turf moor. a first half goal from welsh international aaron ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure arsenal's hold on second place. more importantly it took the north london club to within four points of first placed chelsea, with the two clubs to play next week."," but chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly queens park rangers on sunday, a team who are themselves struggling against relegation.",0.000000
"women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted australian serial killer ivan milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago, a new book reveals. the milat letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from milat to his eldest nephew alistair shipsey. milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992."," in the letters, he tells shipsey about his `fair share 'of` sheilas', who write `some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed.",0.000000
"the twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into an arizona canal last week have been identified as bothers eli and silas keslar of yuma. while authorities in the southern arizona town have not yet officially identified the victims, a go fund me page set up this weekend named them and their parents, mark and alexis keslar. marlene gleim, a friend of the boys' grandmother marlena martinez, set up the page after learning about their deaths on local media."," the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised over $10,000.",0.000000
"an frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days when she was being treated at perth's new fiona stanley hospital -lrb- fsh -rrb-, but the west australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong. joyce tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her."," joyce tabram, 82, lost five kilograms in five days while she being treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth.",0.000000
"tottenham are ready to grant emmanuel adebayor a free transfer, in an attempt to finally get the striker off their wage bill. the togolese's move to spurs has proved a massive financial burden for the north london club, who pay the forward # 100,000-per-week. although, the club would still preferably receive a fee for the striker, it may prove difficult to find a potential buyer."," emmanuel adebayor -lrb- left -rrb- could be allowed to leave the club on a free transfer in the summer.",0.000000
"gifted: schoolgirl elspeth mckendrick was depressed after being diagnosed with asperger's syndrome. a gifted schoolgirl hanged herself just weeks after scoring a string of gcse a stars because she was depressed at being diagnosed with a mild form of autism, an inquest heard. school prefect elspeth mckendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with asperger's syndrome."," the doctor who and sherlock fan, who was described by her mother as `geeky ', had desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends.",0.000000
"condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday. that's according close supporter and artist ben quilty, who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan's execution. `myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down, 'mr quilty told radio 2gb.","` that he would stare them down, that no-one would cover his eyes, that he would face it with dignity.",0.000000
"anti-semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year, with the highest number of incidents occurring in france, an annual study has revealed. the report, by tel aviv university's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry, said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year - marking a huge increase from the previous year. arson, vandalism and direct threats against jews, synagogues and other jewish institutions were included in the figure, making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009."," the study said: `the overall feeling among many jewish people is one of living in an intensifying anti-jewish environment that has become not only insulting and threatening, but outright dangerous.",0.000000
"an hiv-positive ohio man accused of sexually assaulting three girls has pleaded not guilty to 19 counts in court, where a prosecutor said one of them, a 12 year old, is pregnant. keith anthony allen, 27, of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. he remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him."," allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since september and fondling a third girl.",0.000000
"chinese property conglomerate dalian wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of spanish champions atletico madrid. the purchase was formalised at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday where the legal team representing wanda madrid investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for $45million -lrb- # 32.8 m -rrb-."," the deal was initially announced in january but two egms were needed in order to ratify the deal.",0.000000
"nearly one out of six nfl players will declare bankruptcy within 12 years of retiring from the league, a shocking new study has revealed. the rate of bankruptcy, 15.7 percent - remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid, according to researchers from the california institute of technology, george washington university and the university of washington."," despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.",0.000000
"veteran burnley defender michael duff believes manager sean dyche could one day take charge of england. dyche, 43, has a growing reputation having overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since arriving at turf moor in october 2012. the former chesterfield defender made a nonsense of the relegation favourites' tag to lead the clarets to an unlikely promotion from the championship to the top flight last season."," burnley veteran defender michael duff is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday.",0.000000
"a 70-year-old woman faces jail time for allegedly smuggling four pounds of cocaine in her girdle and underwear. olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana, south america, to new york. authorities said they spotted her `sweating profusely 'and` avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search."," after patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a `dense hard material 'under her clothes.",0.000000
"six people have been arrested in dover on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences, west midlands police said. five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning in the departure zone of the south coast port, according to the force's twitter feed. four of the men, all in their 20s, are from birmingham, west midlands, while a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held."," six people were arrested at dover this morning on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences, according to west midlands police.",0.000000
"ibrox has been a happy hunting ground for the edinburgh clubs this season. three league visits have been made. three defeats inflicted on rangers."," stuart mccall believes his side now owe it to their fans to amend that record in their final chance of the regular season when hearts come calling on sunday.",0.000000
"a 20-year-old student at james madison university in virginia was discovered dead in her dormitory room friday from what has been described as a case of alcohol poisoning. marisa curlen, a native of rye, new york, was a sophomore at the harrisonburg college and a member of the alpha phi sorority. police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play."," tragic death: marisa curlen, 20, a sophomore at james madison university in virginia was discovered dead in her dormitory room friday from apparent alcohol poisoning.",0.000000
"kolo toure has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club, similar to the way that jack rodwell and scott sinclair did at manchester city. sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week, giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new # 100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is `quite flattered 'by interest from arsenal. chelsea and manchester city are also keen on english football's hottest property."," but toure, who used to play for city with rodwell and sinclair, has warned his anfield team-mate a move to one of european football's heavyweights may not be everything he has dreamed of.",0.000000
"a male student accused of raping his classmate has sued columbia university for failing to protect him against backlash and harassment. authorities rejected emma sulkowicz's case that paul nungesser, a german citizen, was a `serial rapist 'who assaulted her after class. nonetheless, the case gathered international attention as sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment."," and according to nungesser's lawsuit citing` gender-based harassment and defamation', columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.",0.000000
"izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire chelsea's youth team to glory in the uefa youth league either side of a call-up to jose mourinho's first-team squad. the blues' under 19 captain played the full 90 minutes of chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over roma in switzerland on friday afternoon after learning that mourinho wanted him on the bench for the premier league clash at queens park rangers on sunday. so brown flew back to london, watched from the loftus road dug-out as a late goal from cesc fabregas took chelsea a step closer to the title, and then hopped back on a plane to geneva."," izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend after chelsea won the uefa youth league on monday.",0.000000
"the mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus, an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system, has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter's car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space -- despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. corinna skorpenske, from pittsburgh, pennsylvania, took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter harley jo, a student at ohio state university, and her condition. `my first reaction was anger, 'corinna told yahoo health.","` on top of everything she deals with she didn't need this.",0.000000
"it is legendary now that when the spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years, la roja's own fans didn't even know the water was hot. because they left spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins, over peru and the usa, the booing, whistling and jeering which had pursued them around the peninsula for two years was the last thing they heard before heading off to win euro 2008. three trophies later, the senior team is finally in search of a reboot."," the identity has been eroded by the passage of time.",0.000000
"a 100-year-old new jersey man killed his 88-year-old wife with an ax while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife, according to authorities. michael and rosalia juskin had a `history of domestic issues, 'according to bergen county prosecutor john l. molinelli."," molinelli said a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on sunday night had not yet been determined.",0.000000
"backache is striking us younger than ever -- with almost half of the under-30s saying they are battling constant pain. experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems. and they warn that children as young as 12 are seeking treatment."," as gadgets get smaller, users lean over them more, putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure.",0.000000
"this picture shows the dramatic moment a `hero 'police officer smashed a car window to save a baby trapped in the vehicle on one of the hottest days of the year. the boy's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her range rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23c yesterday. she grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help."," the incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.",0.000000
"a man arrested by police investigating the disappearance and suspected murder of chef claudia lawrence has been released from bail. pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. north yorkshire police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation."," missing chef: claudia lawrence -lrb- left -rrb- was 35 when she disappeared in north yorkshire in march 2009.",0.000000
"boston -lrb- cnn -rrb- dzhokhar tsarnaev's bombs tore through their bodies: singeing flesh, shattering bones, shredding muscles and severing limbs. but on tuesday, jurors also began to hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead. now that he has been found guilty on every count, the jury must decide whether boston marathon bomber tsarnaev, 21, should live or die for what he has done."," this is the victim impact part of the case, and the testimony was heartbreaking.",0.000000
"life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll. life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll. the predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 -- the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded."," by 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks -- five weeks less than in 2011, a government report shows.",0.000000
"a `blokey 'joke book on sale at river island containing an offensive joke about domestic violence has caused a twitter storm prompting the high street brand to withdraw it from shelves. the` very blokey joke book' by jake harris, which was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on amazon, contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. the `really blokey jokes' book by jake harris on sale at river island -lrb- left -rrb- contains an offensive joke about domestic violence -lrb- right -rrb- a picture of the offensive joke was first tweeted by media commentator tim doble via @betterthantoday who was shocked when he noticed the joke in the book on the shop floot."," 'a man is watching his wife get beaten up by five men when the police arrive,' reads the joke.",0.000000
"a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills. it's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen. spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, malenda meacham."," at a recent game, the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her percussion skills.",0.000000
"wayne rooney believes manchester united team-mate marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe. fellaini was one of the stars of united's manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal. now rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton forward, saying: `he is getting used in the right way."," he is a handful for defenders to mark.",0.000000
"emmanuel adebayor is sometimes branded `eccentric 'by pundits, writers and fans alike. after the tottenham forward posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the arc de triomphe in paris, it is not hard to see why. the bizarre post on adebayor's official instagram account emerged on sunday, just a few days after the togo international had taken to twitter to insist he was committed to fighting for his place in the spurs team."," adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane, but his inconsistent form has led to few assurances over his future.",0.000000
"comedian rik mayall failed to leave a valid will to deal with his # 1.2 million estate, which experts say could leave his family with a large inheritance tax bill. mayall, who played scheming tory mp alan b'stard in itv series the new statesman, and a host of other comedy characters, died suddenly aged 56 last june."," but probate records reveal he had no will -- even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 -- which could mean complications for his wife of 29 years, barbara, and their three adult children.",0.000000
"five-month-old elijah is `the happiest baby ever ', according to his mother. he loves everything that moves, especially seeing people and exploring new places. but doctors say he probably won't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness."," his heartbroken mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from penrith, in sydney's west, lives a full life, compiling a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away.",0.000000
"west ham are determined to ensure their season does not end with a whimper, according to defender carl jenkinson. the hammers' once promising campaign has tailed off, with a run of just one win in 11 barclays premier league games seeing the club slip from champions league contention to mid-table. their latest disappointing result came at manchester city on sunday as they went down to an insipid 2-0 defeat."," carl jenkinson holds off the challenge from jesus navas during west ham's 2-0 defeat by manchester city.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- authorities identified and charged a man monday in connection with the discovery of human remains in a duffel bag in cambridge, massachusetts, over the weekend. carlos colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body, the middlesex district attorney's office said in a statement. ""this was a gruesome discovery,"" said district attorney marian ryan."," ""detectives are continuing to analyze evidence and awaiting information from the office of the chief medical examiner so that we may determine if additional charges are warranted.",0.000000
"master patissier eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a `very rude 'cake for naomi campbell.` her pa said: ""but it's for naomi!"" i told her that i didn't care if it was for the queen,' says eric."," learning from the master: tamara shows off the cooking skills she has picked up from eric lanlard.",0.000000
"there's nothing like a romantic proposal to warm the heart - especially when it is on a mountain peak in hawaii, an exotic sandy beach or beneath the eiffel tower. now you can live these most romantic of moments vicariously online as loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website howheasked.com and instagram account howheasked."," alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.",0.000000
"a magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming the former head of child safety at education queensland who has been charged with child sex offences. the 52-year-old has been free on bail since march, when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago. brett anthony o'connor's lawyer, phillip mulherin, applied for a suppression order in the tweed heads local court on monday."," brett anthony o'connor -lrb- pictured -rrb- has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial.",0.000000
"holy smokes! researchers found the bombardier beetle -lrb- pictured -rrb- mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal `reaction chamber 'a beetle with a machine gun built into its rear end sounds like something from a comic or sci-fi film - or the stuff of nightmares. but researchers have discovered the bombardier beetle mimics this powerful weapon by mixing chemicals in an internal` reaction chamber' in its stomach."," when threatened, the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with `gun smoke '.",0.000000
"sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we learned from the premier league's easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the football league. 1. playing jordan henderson as a wing back instead of in his normal central midfield position was an idea that went spectacularly wrong for liverpool manager brendan rodgers."," the england star, who has taken over the captain's armband in the absence of steven gerrard, gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes as he struggled to handle the role at arsenal.",0.000000
"kentucky judge olu stevens is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple's victim impact statements. a kentucky judge is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple's victim impact statements and accused them of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter. judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, marquis mcafee, robbed tommy and jordan gray's louisville home in april 2013."," police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple.",0.000000
"jen psaki thought the offer to be president barack obama's communications director wouldn't last long. she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough hadn't heard she's expecting a baby girl in july. `my immediate instinct in my head was to tell him i'm pregnant and this will be the end of this."," he'll tell me good luck and be very kind about it and i'll be on my merry way, 'said psaki, who was serving as chief spokeswoman at the state department.",0.000000
"sam reese, a male model who recently appeared on channel 4's first dates reality match-making show, has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme. the 22-year-old's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter. 'i couldn't believe some of the reactions from people on twitter,' he told the mirror."," 'i had death threats, one person said that the next time i come out in manchester i'm dead.",0.000000
"an suv crossed a highway median and slammed into a home, killing a man and a woman who was nine months pregnant as they slept early wednesday, according to police. ivan carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30 am wednesday when the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the park's fence, killing the couple, police told the bradenton herald."," avilez was nine months pregnant at the time, the herald reports, the fetus did not survive.",0.000000
"gerard pique and chart-topper shakira were in the stands as kei nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for the second consecutive year after a hard-fought 6-4 6-4 victory over surprise spanish finalist pablo andujar on sunday. it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese, who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66. 'i didn't think about winning the tournament at the start of the week because of the strength of the players here, especially the spanish, but now i am very happy,' nishikori told reporters."," pop star shakira and husband gerard pique attend the final during day seven of the barcelona open.",0.000000
"the oyston family served to form a further wedge between themselves and blackpool's fans after a pensioner was forced to pay a staggering # 20,000 in damages for allegations made online. frank knight, a lifelong supporter of the seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his facebook page this time last year. knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner owen oyston and his son, chairman karl."," blackpool fans vent their disgust at the oyston family, who own the club, last week.",0.000000
"they're the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the u.s. with sales topping $100 million."," but the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers, and since assuming office in october, president joko widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes. that tough stance casts a further pall on two australian drug smugglers, part of the so-called ""bali nine."" they are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad after an indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from widodo on monday."," april marks a decade on death row for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird. standing about 5 feet tall with an average wingspan of 8 feet, it soars over the boragaon landfill like a great protector. it knows the residents and shies away from strangers."," ""they are intelligent birds.",0.000000
"a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago. richard rogers, a hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii, aka liholiho, the second king of hawaii. `we found gold, silver, hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world, high - and low-end european stuff."," every bit of it is royal treasure, 'rogers said.",0.000000
"the new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of pluto and its largest moon charon ahead of its arrival in three months. taken from a distance of 71 million miles -lrb- 115 million km -rrb-, the blurry image doesn't reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come. as the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 july - humanity's first ever visit to pluto."," nearly there: after more than nine years, the new horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with pluto.",0.000000
"the snp will help make ed miliband prime minister even if labour finish 40 seats behind the tories at the general election, nicola sturgeon said last night. the scottish first minister said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7. while mr miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp, ms sturgeon's remarks raise the prospect of labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the tories."," protesters wearing masks of snp leader nicola sturgeon hold placards outside chatham house, a foreign affairs think-tank, where labour leader ed miliband delivered a speech in london this morning.",0.000000
"mexican prosecutors have launched an investigation of possible criminal conduct in the case of a 14-year-old girl mistakenly sent to the u.s. to live with a woman who claimed to be her mother, authorities said friday."," alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter.",0.000000
"javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4-2 win over celta vigo. chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes. the manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi-finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid and in baliados on sunday night he scored twice to keep real in the title race."," read pete jenson's full match report here.",0.000000
"when george clooney tied the knot with british lawyer amal alamuddin in 2014, they chose venice as the place to get married. and no wonder, this stunning city of marble palaces, ancient churches, canals and waterways is a magnet for those in love. come may, lovers of art will be flocking to the city too as it plays host to its biennale art festival, an exhibition when over 88 nations showcase their country's best works of art in national pavilions dotted throughout the city."," so if you're heading there then, get a taste of `la dolce vita 'clooney-style by taking in some of the places the couple made their own and the beautiful scenery that provided the backdrops for their wedding celebrations.",0.000000
"tim sherwood's penchant for a gilet has put the aston villa boss' sense of fashion in the spotlight and it isn't hard to imagine what he thought about carles n'zogbia's choice of attire on tuesday. the villa wide man turned up for training at the club's bodymoor heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo. shay given certainly wasn't a fan of n'zogbia's flowery ensemble, made worse by his decision to wear sunglasses in the dressing room."," charles n'zogbia poses in his flowery outfit before aston villa training on tuesday.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure, federal officials say -- during a trip to the u.s. virgin islands."," steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st.",0.000000
"ronald koeman called for southampton's players to show maturity, nous and respect after victor wanyama's future came under question. this weekend brings with it arguably saints' biggest match of the season, with the visit of tottenham likely to be key in the fight for european qualification. mauricio pochettino's first return to st mary's adds extra spice to a match, ahead of which his successor felt the need to hold a team meeting to refocus his players' minds."," ronald koeman says his southampton players must remain focused on european qualification.",0.000000
"at the grand old age of 75, jack nicklaus is still capable of hitting aces. the golden bear added another magic moment to his storied career at augusta national in the par-3 contest. stepping up to the tee on the 130-yard fourth, the greatest golfer of all time saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the hole."," jack nicklaus gave the crowd something to cheer with a hole in one on the fourth during the par-3 contest.",0.000000
"history's warning. england ended the day in a strong position, but it's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009. like thursday, england declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb-."," but the home side's lower order hung on -- with sulieman benn batting as high as nine -- and forced an unlikely draw.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- it wasn't until her 20s that fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry. her grandmother, 90 years old at the time, told cetin that her real name was heranus. like many other survivors of 1915, heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden."," many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed and barely escaped.",0.000000
"disabled children can face a lot of challenges - but one photographer from washington wants to make sure they recognize that they all have a super-human ability to conquer any challenge set before them. for the superhero project, renee bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. 'i think a lot of people look at others with special needs and think of them as ""less"" in some ways,' mrs."," bergeron, who also has a parenting blog, recently told the mighty.",0.000000
"roman abramovich has bought tel aviv's varsano hotel for 100million israeli shekels -lrb- # 17.1 m -rrb-. the chelsea owner, who frequently visits tel aviv on business, is expected to convert the 19th century building into his israeli home."," covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.",0.000000
"a stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days."," but sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable.",0.000000
"dramatic dashcam footage has captured the moment a south carolina police officer dragged a woman away from the edge of a bridge after threatening to jump. deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the i-26 on monday. when the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: `just looking for my way out and being at peace."," 'dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in spartanburg, south carolina, after they spotted a woman sitting on the overpass.",0.000000
"tina fey's husband has spoken over the suicide of a celebrity dermatologist who killed himself in the wake of a `bullying 'tv series which apparently parodied him for laughs. jeff richmond, who is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt, described the death of fredric brandt, 65, on sunday as` very sad', speaking exclusively to daily mail online. it came as sources close to brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told people magazine he was `definitely hurt 'by an apparent portrayal of himself on the netflix show."," the friend called the kimmy schmidt send up` bullying,' but added that it did not cause his suicide.",0.000000
"carlo ancelotti hailed diego simeone as one of the world's best coaches as the italian looked ahead to real madrid's champions league clash with atletico madrid. real madrid travel to the vicente calderon for their quarter-final first-leg match on tuesday, and ancelotti admits facing simeone is both an `honour 'and a` problem'. speaking at monday's pre-match press conference, ancelotti said: `what can i say about simeone?"," carlo ancelotti has hailed atletico madrid boss diego simeone as one of the best coaches in the world.",0.000000
"the brass lamp is being sold at auction in june by auctioneers hansons -lrb- above with model in period costume -rrb-. a brass desk lamp used by florence nightingale as she wrote about her nursing experiences in the crimean war is to be sold at auction. it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea hurst, near matlock, derbyshire."," dating back to around 1840, the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at hansons in etwall, derbyshire, on june 26.",0.000000
"cairo -lrb- cnn -rrb- at least 12 people were killed sunday, and more injured, in separate attacks on a police station, a checkpoint and along a highway in egypt's northern sinai, authorities said. six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in al-arish, capital of north sinai, health ministry spokesman hossam abdel-ghafar told ahram online. he said 40 people were injured."," ansar beit al-maqdis, an isis affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack, which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed.",0.000000
"a white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives, he told the court during his first appearance on tuesday. `doing time's the easy part, you know what i'm saying? 'kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach, florida."," he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro, north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor, ronald lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike.",0.000000
"mark selby, john higgins and ding junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the china open on wednesday. selby, who is gearing up for the defence of his world title later this month, continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow englishman elliot slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash. ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in beijing, had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against mark davis to set up a third-round meeting with mark williams, who was an easy 5-0 winner over scotland's michael leslie."," mark selby plays a shot during his match against fellow engllishman elliot slessor at the china open.",0.000000
"i felt as if i was treading on hallowed ground. a leather boot, white with mould, lay half-buried at my feet. nearby i glanced down on a harness smothered in lichen lying beside the skull of a mule, while strewn all around me were the remains of rusty cans and oil drums."," high above on the hilltop stood simple headstones and derelict wooden crosses marking unnamed graves.",0.000000
"graffiti artists are hoping to raise a smile with stressed-out beijing residents -- by painting neglected phone booths so that they look like the lovable robot baymax from the disney movie big hero 6. an eight-strong team have transformed more than 30 telephone booths in china's capital city into a representation of baymax, who has attracted a cult following in the country. xiao wang told the people's daily online that he and his fellow graffiti artists -- most of them design students -- worked through the night to complete project `beijing warmth '."," phone booths in beijing have been painted in the style of disney character baymax by graffiti artists.",0.000000
"the wife of a detroit-area soccer referee filed a $51 million lawsuit friday against a hot-headed player who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer. the figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years that john bieniewicz, 44, could have lived, according to the lawsuit in wayne county court. kristen bieniewicz of westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing bassel saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league."," kristen bieniewicz of westland -lrb- pictured left with her late husband -rrb- has filed a $51 million lawsuit against bassel saad -lrb- right -rrb- who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer.",0.000000
"a couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in hurricane sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $250,000 in the lottery. mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island, new york, in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together. the 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss, whose home in brooklyn, new york, was also destroyed."," dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house.",0.000000
"an oxford college and a retired architect are embroiled in an absurd row over a stretch of scrubby bushes which are quickly becoming `the most expensive hedge in warwickshire '. in a court case likely to cost # 150,000, st john's college and a 74-year-old businessman have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their properties in warwickshire. the bizarre dispute began when anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge, which marks the boundary between his home and the college's land."," hedge row: anthony bethell and st john's college, oxford are embroiled in a row over a stretch of scrubby bushes, with a court case likely to cost # 150,000.",0.000000
"a man who allegedly killed three men while they slept outside and shot a woman on her way home from dinner originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with `bloodlust, 'according to a statement filed in court. aeman presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in dekalb county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur. presley is set to appear in front of a dekalb county judge today and district attorneys in both dekalb county and fulton county have said they will seek the death penalty."," bloodlust: aeman presley -lrb- center -rrb-, 34, who allegedly killed four people had originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with` bloodlust' after killing the first man.",0.000000
"although hillary clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million twitter followers, not even a vast right-wing conspiracy would be able to interact with 2 million of them. according to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of her twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform."," and at least 15 per cent -- more than 544,000 -- are completely fake.",0.000000
"david luiz could be a doubt for paris saint-germain's champions league clash with barcelona after picking up a hamstring injury on sunday. the brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of psg's 3-2 win over marseille after suffering an injjury to his left leg. shortly after his side had fallen behind in their top of the table clash, the brazilian was running away from a marseille player, before being caught by a stray leg."," david luiz carries the ball out of defence on one of his trademark forays, but one such run led to his injury.",0.000000
"west of baghdad, iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- the call from faleh essawi, the deputy chief of the provincial council, who we were supposed to be meeting up with, came just as we were about to hit the bridge -- the only safe route from baghdad to neighboring anbar province. ""isis has taken the east of the city, it's not accessible,"" he says, sounding frantic, rapidly rattling off the neighborhoods and areas isis fighters had just stormed into. moments later, we see the impact: an endless stream of humanity, shell shocked, and exhausted."," parents cradle babies in blankets, some struggle under the weight of their belongings, some carry small plastic bags, while others nothing but the children clutching at their hands.",0.000000
"three people have been sent to prison and another two are awaiting sentencing for their roles in a horrific assault on a 53-year-old man, who was beaten, tied to a chair, and covered in offensive tattoos. a philadelphia court heard thursday that corry `corey 'campbell, 21, was the ringleader of the gang, who have become known as the` tattoo terrorists'. campbell believed the victim, greg valecce, had hurt his cat, pebbles."," valecce, an unemployed drug addict, had been staying in the basement of campbell's mother's house in mayfair, in the city's northeast, however that basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days.",0.000000
"chelsea and tottenham hotspur missed out on the opportunity to narrow the gap to under 21 league leaders manchester united after playing out a goalless draw at wheatsheaf park. spurs went into the game at staines town sitting sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with the red devils, while the defending champions were only three points behind the north london outfit. both teams will rue missed chances to claim all three points, with spurs looking more likely to break the deadlock in the second half following a first period dominated by chelsea."," ruben loftus-cheek played for chelsea under 21s having already starred in the champions league this term.",0.000000
"arsenal playmaker mesut ozil seemed to be in a enjoying his home comforts after arriving back in london following the international break, posting a picture putting his feet up with his dog. the german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday, and is now setting his sights on the premier league encounter with liverpool at the weekend. and ozil gave an insight into what he does in his downtime after taking a snap of him playing with his pet with the caption: `home sweet home '."," mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog on wednesday after returning home to london.",0.000000
"as the election race hots up, labour leader ed miliband is getting a small taste of what it might be like to be a member of one direction. a group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the `milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the twitter hashtag #milifandom. the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician."," led by twitter user @twcuddleston, an as levels student by the name of abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the labour leader.",0.000000
"a st. louis woman is doing all she can to stop the city from tearing down the house that has housed three generations of her family. charlesetta taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood, and now it and 49 others, may be bulldozed."," this so the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency.",0.000000
"whilst overseas backpackers visiting sydney beaches are often told to go back to where they came from, sutherland council is instead exploring the idea of allowing them to camp right on the beach. according to the sydney morning herald, the council have voted to explore the possibility of allowing campervans to park at allocated locations with `high tourist appeal, 'in order to deter travellers from bypassing our most beautiful beaches. among these locations are cronulla beach and wanda beach, both in southern sydney, as it was found that due to a shortage of accommodation, many tourists were neglecting these areas altogether."," the sutherland shire council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.",0.000000
"chelsea manager jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side's staggeringly low possession stat during the 1-0 win over manchester united and all that mattered to him was achieving a positive result. the blues, who secured victory through forward eden hazard's first-half strike, held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at stamford bridge - their lowest total over 90 minutes since opta started recording this sort of data in 2006. united were also able to string together over 400 more successful passes than the home side."," mourinho, though, insisted that his team's priority was to win the game and not concern themselves with statistics.",0.000000
"a senior high school in china has installed metal bars on all balconies after two pupils committed suicide in six months. web users suggested the fence was put up by school authorities to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building, the people's daily online reports. hengshui no 2 middle school is an `exemplary school 'in hebei province in central china."," with nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers, the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement.",0.000000
"chelsea manager jose mourinho has heaped praise upon loic remy after the striker scored his second consecutive winner in the 2-1 victory over stoke on saturday. remy's goal meant mourinho's side took another step towards securing the premier league title with three points, despite an injury to diego costa. costa hobbled off 10 minutes after replacing oscar at half-time, with another hamstring problem leaving him set for a spell on the sidelines."," remy scored chelsea's winner against stoke in the game at stamford bridge on saturday.",0.000000
"ben grower -lrb- above -rrb-, a labour councillor, refused to deal with a constituent because they supported ukip, it has been claimed. a labour councillor refused to deal with a local resident because they supported ukip, it has been claimed. pensioner alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping."," he signed off his email with: `that's why i'll be voting ukip '.",0.000000
"lewis hamilton is creating a bit of a track record for himself - and this one isn't on the starting grid. celebrating his win at the chinese grand prix on sunday, he sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses. but a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver - who used to date ex-pussy cat doll nicole scherzinger - as `selfish and inconsiderate ', saying he should be forced to apologise for` specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face."," others have called the driving ace an'em barrassment to the uk ', while another said his behaviour showed that he was an `ignorant clown'.",0.000000
"ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes are again likely to lead the way in china this weekend. fears of another season of domination from mercedes were blown away by a shock, yet deserved victory for sebastian vettel last time out in malaysia. it was the maranello marque's first success for almost two years and at least offered hope to neutrals that reigning champion lewis hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg will not have it all their own way."," sebastian vettel won the second race of the season with victory in malaysia last month.",0.000000
"school safety experts have reported a `worrying increase 'in e-terrorism, where threats are sent electronically - sometimes from thousands of miles away. the ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means."," law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.",0.000000
"police investigating the murder of a five-month-old baby have today arrested her parents. the child's father, 25, and mother, 25, from perry barr, birmingham, were held after their daughter died yesterday afternoon. police were called to their home at just before 1am yesterday morning because the baby was said to be suffering breathing difficulties."," house: a baby was found dead at this home in perry barr, birmingham yesterday this afternoon.",0.000000
"china's leadership has hit back at u.s. president barack obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed south china sea."," only yesterday, obama claimed beijing was `using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts.",0.000000
"petrol heads suffering top gear withdrawals will be pleased to know the car show-sized hole in their lives will soon be filled by the return of for the love of cars for a second series. the channel 4 programme, hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead, celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars. and each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles, as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory."," actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead return to present a new series of for the love of cars.",0.000000
"if anyone can be relied upon to crack a smile in the sometimes overly straight-faced world of professional football, it is lofty stoke striker peter crouch. that is, until somebody tries to imitate his now trademark goal celebrations. speaking on sky's soccer am, the 34-year-old front man gave an in-depth analysis on where it all went `horribly wrong 'for potters team-mate charlie adam following his wonder strike against chelsea at stamford bridge last saturday."," charlie adam -lrb- second right -rrb- celebrates his stunning goal against chelsea with his stoke team-mates.",0.000000
"an 800lb woman, whose weight spiraled out of control after she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage, finally stood up for the first time after years of being bound to her bed and taken care of by her three daughters. when viewers first met marla mccants, from nashville, tennessee, on last night's season finale of my 600lb life, doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying. and even after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up -- and, in doing so, save her life."," marla's recovery seemed like a hopeless cause until it dawned on the mother-of-three that this was her last shot.",0.000000
"obock, djibouti -lrb- cnn -rrb- amina ali qassim is sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap, wiping away tears with her headscarf. only a few months old, this is the baby girl whose ears she desperately tried to cover the night the aerial bombardment started. she lay awake, she says, in a village mosque on the yemeni island of birim, counting explosions as the baby cried."," it could have been worse though.",0.000000
"health authorities are searching hospital patient records to clarify what drugs people may have been given after a man was charged with posing as a nurse for six weeks. a 30-year-old darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york during february and march. he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud after cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory."," a 30-year-old darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york during february and march -lrb- file photo -rrb-.",0.000000
"when journalist gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country's rapidly growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry for hbo documentary series vice, she didn't anticipate `how dark 'the story would get. for nearly two years, the producer and host has been reporting on current issues across the globe and has covered everything from the detention center at guantanamo bay to the effect of climate change on polar bears - but nothing could have prepared her for the moment when someone offered to sell her a baby over dinner while she was working undercover in india.` it was the most heartbreaking experience that i ever had,' gianna told daily mail online."," baby business: vice correspondent gianna toboni -lrb- pictured -rrb- traveled to india to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry.",0.000000
"arrested: ashley doody was arrested on sunday after allegedly attacking the family dog with a kitchen knife. a 30-year-old mother-of-two allegedly high on bath salts stabbed her family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons, according to police in maine. aroostook county sheriff's office responded to a home in perham on sunday and found ashley doody acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior."," they discovered that doody, who is a nurse, had attacked her mixed-breed dog, trixie.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a tulsa county reserve deputy is on administrative leave after ""inadvertently"" shooting a suspect with his gun. police say robert -lrb- bob -rrb- bates, 73, thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital. the shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the tulsa violent crimes task force thursday."," bates, a member of the task force, was part of a group of deputies trying to arrest eric courtney harris, 44, in the parking lot of a dollar general store.",0.000000
"it was not particularly pretty but andy king's 86th minute winner has kept leicester city's hopes of premier league survival alive, at least for now. there was a frantic sense of do or die in the closing stages at the king power stadium. pearson and his players surely knew anything less than three points against west ham, a side who have not won away from home since december 2nd, would see them doomed to relegation."," at the final whistle, the players went to all four corners of the stadium to applaud their fans.",0.000000
"a tunnel could be built under mount everest as part of a new railway between china and nepal, it has been revealed. chinese state media has reported that the government is planning to expand the qinghai to tibet railway `at nepal's request '- which could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain - by 2020. the step is important politically as it shows beijing building links with nepal, a country india regards as firmly within its sphere of influence."," a tunnel could be built under mount everest in the himalayas as part of grand new plans announced by china.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- i don't always talk about news events with my daughters, but there was something about the story of espn reporter britt mchenry and the wildly offensive way she spoke to that towing company employee that made me bring it up. one of the main things i preach to my girls, ages 7 and 9, is the importance of respecting other people, no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish. it's something that my husband and i just do -- we show respect to everyone from a taxi driver to a teacher to the president of the united states."," let me say right here that i have lost my cool from time to time, whether it's been a phone call with a credit card company to complain about late fees or an experience of bad service at a restaurant.",0.000000
"chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against stoke at stamford bridge on saturday but eden hazard starred for jose mourinho's team. he slotted chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot before charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time. stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until an asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner."," here, sportsmail's kieran gill gives his player ratings.",0.000000
"michael shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release. a serial pedophile in florida has been arrested for molesting at least seven young children in his apartment complex just 18 months after he was released from prison by officials who voted to give him a second chance. michael shepard, 35, conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter, authorities say."," when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed that he had been in prison for a `romeo and juliet romance 'with a preacher's daughter.",0.000000
"the baggage handler who woke up from a nap inside the cargo hold of a flying plane did not realize until a piece of luggage fell on top of him. alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. today, the unnamed seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it hadn't been for the passengers' bags."," he told abc news: `when the bags started moving and i heard the sound of the engine, i had to think fast about what to do for me to get out.",0.000000
"divock origi has revealed that the progress of jordon ibe at liverpool this season has left him counting the days until he makes his anfield bow. the belgium striker was signed by liverpool in a # 10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup in brazil, before being loaned back to lille for the 2014-15 season. but origi has been following liverpool's progress from across the english channel and after seeing the rise of ibe and raheem sterling, is eagerly anticipating working under brendan rodgers."," divock origi said the progress of liverpool's youngsters have heightened his excitement at joining the club.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told cnn on wednesday she wasn't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son. ""not at all,"" toya graham told cnn's ""anderson cooper 360 ˚"" in an interview that aired wednesday night. ""he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing.",""" the video of graham yanking her son, michael singleton, and slapping him with a right hand as cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear.",0.000000
"as his chelsea team-mates edge towards the premier league title to end a five-year wait, petr cech kept himself busy as he struggles for game-time by showcasing his drumming skills. the czech republic international has fallen behind belgian shot-stopper thibaut courtois in jose mourinho's pecking order this season and is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer with arsenal and liverpool among those linked. but cech was in no mood to worry about his future as the 32-year-old posted a youtube cover of `magnificent 'by u2."," petr cech posted a video via his youtube channel, playing the drums to` magnificent' by u2.",0.000000
"kate winslet faces a planning battle with natural england over plans to build sea defences. kate winslet is to face a battle with natural england over plans to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her # 3.25 million beachside home from flooding and erosion."," the multi bafta-winning actress, 39, wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the west sussex coast to protect her property.",0.000000
"a roma gang accused of selling a newborn to a childless couple for # 6,500 and a car has told a french court that the child was' a gift 'four roma men and women appeared in a marseille court today, accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar `baby sales'. six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'. human trafficking: carmen and mike gorgan, pictured speaking to their lawyer in the courtroom of marseille's criminal court today, are accused of paying a roma gang # 6,500 and a bmw for newborn baby boy tony."," at the centre of the scandal was ilie ionita, a 35-year-old romanian, and co-conspirators valeriu rosu, 42, florian stan, 33, and florin coman 25.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- saudi special forces assisted yemeni fighters targeting houthis and their allies in aden, a saudi source told cnn. the special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles ""coordinating and guiding"" the battle against houthi forces and fighters loyal to former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh, the source said. they also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment."," houthi rebels, meanwhile, withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of aden following heavy saudi airstrikes, according to the source.",0.000000
"underlining a change across the nation, nearly 90per cent of u.s. adults now say they have health insurance, according to an extensive survey released monday."," researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low.",0.000000
"although st mary's hospital in london is the first choice of venue for the delivery of the royal baby, hospitals in reading and norfolk are on standby. the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years. although st mary's hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery, two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duchess leaves the capital."," kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at kensington palace, less than two miles from the lindo wing at st mary's where prince george was born in 2013.",0.000000
"hibs boss alan stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager's job at wigan athletic after malky mackay was sensationally sacked on monday. stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle with the easter road side, but is believed to be among wigan's top targets as they battle to avoid relegation from the championship -- they are currently second bottom. stubbs' no2, john doolan, formed part of uwe rosler's backroom staff at the dw stadium before the german was sacked in november."," hibs boss alan stubbs has emerged as a candidate to succeed malky mackay after he was sacked by wigan.",0.000000
"twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those `tweeting violent threats'. jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east. now, after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts, twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence."," online savvy: jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east.",0.000000
"-lrb- the hollywood reporter -rrb- the original cast of twin peaks is backing david lynch in his salary standoff with showtime. the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is ""like pies without cherries,"" among other nods to the original drama series. sherilyn fenn, sheryl lee, james marshall, peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video."," -lrb- some members have also set up a facebook page.",0.000000
"a replica of the warship that carried france's marquis de lafayette to help american colonists in their war of independence sets sail for the united states on saturday, symbolic of a historic moment that binds the two nations. lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington, commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule, that france was sending a strong military force to help them. the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente on saturday to the military shipyards of rochefort, where both vessels were built."," french president francois hollande paid a brief visit to the warship, which was due to set sail later in the day.",0.000000
"real madrid's international stars were reunited on wednesday as they took part in their first training session since losing el clasico to fierce rivals barcelona. cristiano ronaldo returned to the club's valdebebas training ground after helping portugal go top of euro 2016 qualifying group i with a 2-1 win against serbia on sunday evening. he was pictured greeting fellow galactico gareth bale, who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country as he scored twice in wales' 3-0 victory against israel in haifa."," cristiano ronaldo greets gareth bale as real madrid's squad are reunited after the international break.",0.000000
"freddie roach insisted on saturday that floyd mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside manny pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation as the two boxers put the finishing touches to their preparations for the fight of the century in las vegas a week on saturday. roach, pacquiao's trainer, said he rated super-middleweight star andre ward and middleweight sensation gennady golovkin above mayweather despite the american's unbeaten record and his status as hot favourite for the may 2 showdown against pacquiao. `mayweather is undefeated so you have to give him a little credit for that, 'said roach,` but he has picked and chosen his opponents and i don't think he's fought enough competition to be considered the best."," you have to fight the best to be the best, i feel.",0.000000
"early in the build-up to aston villa's winning goal on sunday, steven gerrard challenged for successive headers in the centre circle and lost both. that doesn't mean he was at fault for what happened in the subsequent 20 seconds but it was illustrative nevertheless of a long, sapping afternoon for liverpool and their fading captain. gerrard's time at liverpool will now end in anti-climax."," the chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos, many of them as a substitute.",0.000000
"a long island mother and daughter who went missing last month have been found safe and well in new york city's upper west side neighborhood. iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday, it was reported. they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health, officials said."," police said they now consider the case to be closed.",0.000000
"a pensioner was killed after being run over by her sister's car in a tesco car park, an inquest has heard. molly wood, 74, died after the burgundy kia venga had its engine running and `lurched forward ', trapping her under the wheels. the pensioner's sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured in the incident."," tragedy: pensioner molly wood died after being run over by her sister's car in a tesco car park.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- noelle velentzas, 28, couldn't understand why u.s. citizens like herself were traveling overseas to wage jihad when they could simply ""make history"" at home by unleashing terrorist attacks, according to a federal criminal complaint unsealed thursday."," velentzas and her former roommate, 31-year-old asia siddiqui, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states, federal prosecutors said.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently, nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. believe it or not, nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years. there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal."," except, it happens all the time.",0.000000
"alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview on radio 4's feedback programme. the controller of bbc radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result. alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview on radio 4's feedback programme."," mr davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years.",0.000000
"ronny deila insists celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule. the norwegian blamed last summer's money-spinning programme of games in the united states, austria, germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw. celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments and have also taken on trips to australia and the far east in recent seasons."," ronny deila and nir bitton walk off the pitch after losing to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying.",0.000000
"rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday and the world's best golfer is set to return the favour by singing on stage with the one direction star at the end of the summer. horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta while he also hit a ball into the water on the ninth tee, but the irish singer will get some payback in september. mcilroy is set to compete at the deutsche bank championship which occurs a few days after one direction play gillette stadium in massachusetts on september 12 - and horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in boston."," one direction singer niall horan caddied for rory mcilroy in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national.",0.000000
"an aviation expert has questioned whether the doomed germanwings passenger plane may had its electronics `hacked 'before it crashed killing all 150 on board. the theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected financial times newspaper from aviation boss matt andersson, president of chicago-based indigo aerospace. the french alps tragedy which occurred on the flight between barcelona to dusseldorf has been widely blamed on co-pilot andreas lubitz, 28."," he is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit of the germanwings a320 airbus before flying the packed plane into the mountainside as the captain fought desperately to get inside.",0.000000
"mick schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in formula 4 on wednesday as he made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015. the 16-year-old, son of seven-time f1 world champion michael, drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit in germany as he drove his van amersfoort car. the young protege began karting seven years ago, and this year reached the german formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers."," mick schumacher made his official formula 4 pre-season test debut with van amersfoort on wednesday.",0.000000
"ronny deila agrees with gary teale's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership - but believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park following the hoops' 2-0 scottish premiership win on friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit. buddies boss teale hit back, saying: `it's maybe a bit firm but it's an excellent surface."," tommy, our groundsman, wins` pitch of the year 'year after year and that's a great acknowledgement for him and a great accolade for him.",0.000000
"an american doctor climbing everest when the devastating earthquake hit has described the heartbreaking moment her mountain guide died before her eyes,. ellen gallant, a cardiologist from utah, was attempting to climb the world's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck, sparking an avalanche that killed 18 people."," four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas.",0.000000
"the importance of saturday's match against arsenal for liverpool's champion's league ambitions can not be overstated. the reverse fixture, a 2-2 draw in december, prompted liverpool's renaissance into the premier league's form team. thereafter, they went 13 top-flight games without defeat and put themselves in contention to qualify for europe's top competition before losing to manchester united in a drama-filled match two weeks ago."," juan mata's acrobatic volley two weeks ago left liverpool five points adrift of manchester united in fourth.",0.000000
"with just over two weeks to go until the $300million mega-fight, floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have showed off their toned physique's - as there preparations continue. the fight takes place at the las vegas, mgm grand garden arena on may 2 - with the bout being billed as the biggest in the history of the sport. and the filipino boxer has been keen to show off he's in the best condition of his life, with a series of posts in the last few weeks showing off his impeccable athletic body."," manny pacquiao used instagram to show his fans a photo of his ripped body as he continues his preparation.",0.000000
"chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with belgian club royal mouscron-peruwelz. mouscron, in belgium's pro league, had a partnership with lille but the french side are now poised to link up with another belgian club, ostend, leaving room for a new deal and chelsea are the preferred option. the belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer."," they are 13th in the table, two points above the relegation places.",0.000000
"ian bell insists england did not underestimate the west indies ahead of the first test, despite some injudicious comments from the incoming chairman of the england and wales cricket board. outgoing yorkshire chairman colin graves, who starts work as giles clarke's successor next month, upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts `mediocre 'and promised` some inquiries' if england did not win the series. the west indies hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in antigua last week and the prospect of a similar deck in grenada on tuesday means fulfilling graves' expectations could be a tough task."," ian bell says he never expected england to win the series in the west indies without a struggle.",0.000000
"juventus have made a move for paulo dybala, the palermo striker who has caught the eye of manchester united and arsenal, according to reports in italy. gazzetta dello sport report that, with speculation carlos tevez could be eyeing a return to argentina with boca juniors, the serie a side have tabled an offer of 25million euros -lrb- # 18m -rrb- for the 21-year-old. turin-based tuttosport follow up those reports by adding that maurizio zamperini, the palermo president, is hoping interest from sides such as united and arsenal will spark a bidding war that will raise dybala's fee."," la gazzetta dello sport -lrb- left -rrb- and tuttosport feature juventus and their attempts to sign paulo dybala.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- for the first time in eight years, a tv legend returned to doing what he does best. contestants told to ""come on down!"" on the april 1 edition of ""the price is right"" encountered not host drew carey but another familiar face in charge of the proceedings."," instead, there was bob barker, who hosted the tv game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.",0.000000
"jenny wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late saturday at her home in sarasota, florida, according to family members. wallenda's nephew, rick wallenda, said his aunt died following a lengthy illness. `she had a great life in entertainment, a very rewarding and rich life, 'he said."," wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda.",0.000000
"a size 28 woman who was a bridesmaid three times is celebrating shedding six stone - and is planning to walk down the aisle as a bride. frankie ruttledge, from strensall, yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12. the 24-year-old, who has been a `fat bridesmaid 'three times, ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years."," frankie, pictured left at her mum's wedding in 2010, always thought of herself as the` fat bridesmaid' however she has now lost six stone and is looking forward to her own wedding.",0.000000
"death: gillian nelson was `delirious and spaced out 'following the birth, according to her husband. a widower told an inquest today how his wife was` delirious and spaced out' when she lost a large amount of blood after giving birth. james ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife gillian nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with the birth of their son wesley at a hospital in bromley, kent."," he was called to the princess royal university hospital at about 3.",0.000000
"many people have experienced the loss of a childhood pet, but for one little boy, a funeral for his goldfish was almost too much to bear. the pet in question? a goldfish, named top."," brooke geherman, from alberta, canada, posted a video of her young son, kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.",0.000000
"head coach tony pulis insists west brom will relish their underdog tag as they start their nightmare run-in. the baggies host liverpool on saturday eight points above the barclays premier league relegation zone. they also face manchester united, chelsea and arsenal in their final five games, along with a trip to newcastle."," west bromwich albion manager tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.",0.000000
"a comfy chalet and snow-covered pistes make for a good skiing holiday for most people. but some like to add a few extra luxury touches to their trips to perfect them - such as a live-in tailor to make the ski gear, two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day. these are just some of the requests made by guests staying with high-end ski-tour company haute montagne."," and they were all fulfilled, the firm told mailonline.",0.000000
"the volkswagen westfalia camper is associated with the seventies, the summer of love and nature-loving hippies. now the iconic van is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a volkswagen board member revealed. no images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels."," the iconic volkswagen westfalia camper -lrb- pictured here including an extendable roof -rrb- is about to get greener, because the bus will be reborn as an electric vehicle, a volkswagen board member revealed.",0.000000
"meet the woman who's given elizabeth taylor a run for her money when it comes to walking down the aisle. 39-year-old lianna barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. barrientos, however, was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first, the new york post reported."," according to reports, all of barrientos' marriages took place in new york state.",0.000000
"a conservative party candidate has defended photographs which show him trying to lick a female friend's breasts saying they were taken on a night out with friends and show him being a normal, sociable person. liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central, which had a 5,500 labour majority in 2010, and is a traditional labour stronghold. the candidate, who is gay, is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend's breasts."," underneath the picture a friend commented `drunko '.",0.000000
"an afghan interpreter who risked his life on the front line with british troops was shot with his two-year-old son by taliban hitmen after he says he was `abandoned 'by the uk government. the 26-year-old, who was known as` chris' by uk soldiers, was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in khost, eastern afghanistan. his son muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack, which chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his time spent helping the british government -- which now won't let him come to the uk."," shot: `chris' the interpreter -lrb- left -rrb- and his son muhammad -lrb- right -rrb- was badly injured by taliban gunmen near their home in khost, eastern afghanistan.",0.000000
"fully charged: the new scheme will let ee customers pick up free portable chargers. the uk's biggest mobile network has announced details of a scheme to help customers keep their mobile phones charged. ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are."," once the ee `power bar 'runs down, customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any ee shop, or spend four hours charging it up themselves at home.",0.000000
"alastair cook insists he is `refreshed 'by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. england can only hope their test captain has benefited indeed, because he can expect to have precious little time for the remainder of this year to regain that sort of perspective. cook has had a taste already of what is to come, first of all in three caribbean tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to new zealand, before england somehow try this summer to regain the ashes lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14."," england captain alastair cook in training in basseterre as his team prepare for the west indies test series.",0.000000
"it may still be april, but britain looks set to get an early dose of summer sun. temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22c -lrb- 72f -rrb- tomorrow. not only will that be the warmest temperature recorded this year, but it will also surpass the average daytime temperature for august."," that is 11c warmer than the uk april average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.",0.000000
"johnathan isaby -lrb- pictured -rrb-, chief executive of the tax payers' alliance, called the number of communications staff `blatant hypocrisy 'taxpayer money is being used to fund an` army' of spin doctors with more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the uk. the number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments. london has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities, four times more than the entire editorial staff at the evening standard, the times reported."," nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each, with manchester city council the worst offender for its size.",0.000000
"a czech politician says he has created an entirely new country by claiming three-square-mile patch of land along the croatia-serbia border that neither country claims is theirs. vit jedlicka, 31, a member of the czech republic's conservative party of free citizens, is the self-declared president of `liberland ', which is located on the banks of the danube river. the land making up the so-called` micronation' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s."," mr jedlicka says that under international law he is now entitled to take control of the apparently `unclaimed 'territory'.",0.000000
"a newly-wed couple were taken on a romantic flight over the mediterranean which left airline enthusiasts baffled after the passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff. the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight."," the airbus a319 flew two circuits around malta, with final section skirting the italian coast.",0.000000
"comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours. there comes a time in a woman's life when beach holidays just don't cut it any longer, when lying on golden sands -lrb- unless you're buried up to your neck -rrb- serves only to remind you how much weight you forgot to lose again this year and how ill-fitting your swimming costume is. being control freaks, most fifty-something females find `doing nothing 'a bit boring -- after all, there are only so many hours one can spend on a kindle, and woman can not live by fiction alone."," this is the time when the` alternative holiday experience' tickles your holiday tastebuds and you find yourself looking at brochures for nordic cruises.",0.000000
"tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new nfl london franchise. the bold design of the new # 400million stadium, due to be completed for the start of the 2018-19 season, could involve a `slide-out 'grass football pitch with an nfl-style synthetic surface housed underneath. the option of extra-large changing rooms, to accommodate nfl squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game, is also being explored by architects."," tottenham are considering sharing their new # 400m stadium with an nfl franchise.",0.000000
"sweeping is a tedious task but now a new `smart bin 'could help save you from all that bending down with a dust pan. the bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess."," the bruno smartcan -lrb- pictured -rrb- uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- five young chinese feminists, whose detention has provoked an international outcry, may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. the women were among detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities -- beijing, guangzhou and hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for international women's day on march 8. wang qiushi, the lawyer for one of the women, wei tingting, said police had recommended on april 6 that prosecutors press charges of ""assembling a crowd to disturb public order.",""" wang told cnn that prosecutors had to decide whether to pursue the charges within seven days of the submission -- by monday.",0.000000
"this easter weekend, australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate, millions of hot cross buns, and mountains of fresh seafood and meat. according to woolworths, their customers will purchase enough prawns that if laid out would stretch from sydney to cairns, a staggering 54 million hot cross buns, and a whopping 2,900 tonnes of easter chocolate. all that food needs something to wash it down, so femail have asked the experts to advise what tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods, from seafood and lamb, to traditional easter treats."," drink this with that: with 54 million hot cross buns, 2,900 tonnes of chocolate and enough prawns to stretch from sydney to cairns consumed over easter, femail reveals which tipple is best suited to washing it down.",0.000000
"mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain's nuclear, transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster. and concerns are so great that one security source has warned: `however much physical security you have, if someone is already in there, there's nothing you can do to stop them committing an act of sabotage or terrorism. 'mi5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas -- known as` insiders' -- highlighted by the germanwings disaster."," warning: mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain's nuclear, transport and public services after co-pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster.",0.000000
"unruly hair is making my life a misery. what really works on frizzy hair like mine? deborah, 43, lanarkshire."," deborah described her naturally curly hair as a `frizz nightmare '.",0.000000
"swansea manager garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull on saturday - pick up some points after an international break. monk's men have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season and are currently in eighth place with the club's best barclays premier league points total in sight. swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural premier league campaign in 2011-12."," garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull by picking up a point after an international break.",0.000000
"labour peer john prescott has defended prince charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers - insisting he should `right to` write as many damn letters as he likes'. the former deputy prime minister said he can not see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers and insisted he had 'a lot to offer this country'. lord prescott's intervention comes after the supreme court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of prince charles's so-called `black spider 'memos."," lord prescott, left, said that the prince of wales has a lot to offer the country.",0.000000
"kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel. the former child star turned real housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with dr. phil set to air april 28, her first for a national audience since the arrest."," among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- this is the time of the year when christians the world over -- more than 2 billion of us -- reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our lord. in light of the tragic massacre of christian college students in kenya on thursday, and the ongoing threat against christians in other nations, this holy week we are calling upon christians to also reflect upon the crucifixion, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, human trafficking, harassment, bombing and displacement of hundreds of thousands of christians -- and others -- whose faith alone has made them a target of religious extremists. countless lives have been utterly destroyed in nations such as iraq, syria, libya, pakistan, india, egypt, kenya and nigeria."," in june 2012, bishop shlemon warduni of iraq told the united states conference of catholic bishops, ""we beg you to help.",0.000000
"they are the peculiar concrete markings that have been spotted all across america, prompting hikers and travellers to wonder what on earth they could mean and where they are pointing to. but these giant arrows, which can measure up to 70ft in length, are actually a forgotten remnant of a bygone age. dotted among scrubland, placed in seemingly random spots, these huge arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world."," a huge concrete arrow is found in perfect condition in bloomington, washington county, utah.",0.000000
"dramatic footage has emerged of the moment police in texas pulled an unconscious man from the burning wreckage of his car mere moments before it was engulfed by flames. officers in mesquite early sunday came upon the burning suv belonging to 25-year-old hector valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. valles' clothes had begun to burn as officers ryan nielson and autumn soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road."," certain death: police in mesquite, texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel.",0.000000
"tehran, iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- the basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to iran's religious leaders; their mission is to protect the country's islamic order. to do that, they will go to any lengths necessary, including -- they say -- taking on isis. ""we all are prepared to go and destroy isis totally,"" one basij commander told cnn."," ""if our imam, our supreme leader orders us, we will destroy isis.",0.000000
"jurgen klopp put england's top clubs on alert on wednesday by confirming that he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in charge. klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city, although it is understood that the struggling premier league champions have no plans to make such a move. the colourful 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other english teams in the past, including liverpool and arsenal, and has a long-standing interest in working here."," jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- the number of new hiv infections in a rural indiana county has grown, according to the centers for disease control and prevention. the institute is working with state health leaders to control the ""severe outbreak,"" which has spread among users of a prescription opioid called opana. the outbreak has been ongoing since mid-december."," as of friday, 142 people have tested positive for hiv, with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results, all in rural scott and jackson counties.",0.000000
"serie a champions juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer with a big-money move for psg striker edinson cavani, according to a report in italy. corriere dello sport claim that juve have a plan in place to sign the in-demand uruguayan as they look to partner him with fellow south american carlos tevez. cavani, who played for italian sides palermo and napoli before joining psg in a # 50million deal in 2013, has admitted his frustration at being played out of position under laurent blanc."," psg striker edinson cavani -lrb- left -rrb- is a target for juventus according to italian newspaper corriere dello sport.",0.000000
"a seven-year-old girl was subjected to months of violent punishment by her `strict 'churchgoing aunt before a` vicious and sustained' beating finally killed her, a court heard today. shanay walker's death was the culmination of `repeated acts of cruelty 'at the hands of seventh-day adventist kay-ann morris that included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush, a jury was told. the youngster, who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death, was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood, nottingham, last july."," shanay walker, found cold and stiff in her bed in nottingham last july.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- sawyer sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom ""everybody loves raymond."" early thursday he committed suicide, his sister madylin sweeten said in a statement. he was 19."," ""this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred,"" madylin sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager dino may.",0.000000
"trevor noah has moved on to become a us tv star, and he left behind a stunning south african physiotherapist to pursue his american dream, the daily mail online can reveal. the new host of the daily show has separated from long term girlfriend dani gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans. noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it's believed they began dating early in 2014."," the comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour.",0.000000
"they are the images that capture the faces and dramatic landscapes one photographer encountered during a 1000-day journey around the world. award-winning photographer uruma takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe. for his latest book, the japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents."," during his several year-long journey, takezawa found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world and the results are a spectacular set of dramatic images, which currenlty form part of an exhibition at new york's foto-care gallery.",0.000000
"the team behind doctor who is fighting plans by bbc boss danny cohen to turn the global hit series into a hollywood blockbuster, leaked sony emails have revealed. the director of television wants the long-running sci-fi series, which stars peter capaldi and is screened in 50 countries, to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success. but the emails show doctor who's creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation, despite pressure from sony and bbc worldwide -lrb- bbcww -rrb-, the corporation's commercial arm."," popular dr: leaked emails reveal bbc bosses want to turn the hit series starring peter capldi into a big-budget film.",0.000000
"maternity style can be a hard thing to get right. with a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape, it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy. many will be glad to know that our celebrity counterparts seem to struggle with it just as much, but a few have it nailed down by landing on a signature style that takes them through the whole nine months."," helen flanagan stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress, red lips and heels, confirming that when it comes to maternity style there are distinctive camps.",0.000000
"people flocked to apple's stores around the world to get a. close-up look at the apple watch, the tech company's first foray. into the personal luxury goods market."," the device was available for preorder online and to try out.",0.000000
"a school district has been ordered to pay $225,000 to three girls who were bullied into sending nude pictures to a boy at their middle school who `passed them around like baseball cards'. it marks the end of a six-year case, after the teenagers first reported their ordeal to officials at clatskanie middle school in oregon - only to be told to` suck it up '. josi harrison, laura lefebvre, and hailey walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones."," ordeal: laura lefebvre -lrb- left -rrb- and josi harrison -lrb- right -rrb- are two of three girls who have won a civil claim against their school district for failing to support them after being bullied into sending naked pictures to boyfriends.",0.000000
"the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to turkish carer nermin kancefer -lrb- above -rrb-, who he met just 14 months before he died. the family of a former civil servant have spoken of their fury after he left his # 1million estate to a turkish carer he met just 14 months before he died. dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his # 615,000 flat."," he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- call it a little piece of heaven for a family torn apart by tragedy. back in july, sierra sharry and lane smith were just about to become parents. sharry was eight months pregnant."," but then smith fell and hit his head.",0.000000
"a pennsylvania math teacher was called `dangling candy 'by the judge who sentenced her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student. erica ann ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from philadelphia, pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. during her sentencing, montgomery county court judge garrett d."," page reportedly asked` what young man would not jump on that candy?",0.000000
"a mississippi senator's personal assistant has been charged with trafficking drugs from china to use as payment for sexual favors. police launched an investigation after seizing a package on april 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug gbl addressed to fred pagan, office manager and personal assistant to sen. thad cochran -lrb- r-ms -rrb-."," raiding his home on thursday, they uncovered 181.",0.000000
"mike whitehead was standing against labour's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire. nigel farage today insisted the tories had suffered a `hammer blow 'after a former parliamentary candidate defected to ukip - only for it later to emerge that he had already been sacked from the party last week. mike whitehead, who was standing against labour's alan johnson for the tories in hull, claimed he was joining ukip after becoming` disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area."," but the tories this morning revealed they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a tory councillor.",0.000000
"a man stuck by a serious bowel infection has been cured after undergoing a faecal transplant, with stools donated by his daughter. len barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition clostridium difficile, suffering bouts of diarrhoea. he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain."," despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital, the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement.",0.000000
"january, it is said, is a bad time to do business. either prices are inflated or you're picking up problem players other clubs don't want. this year, it seems, has proved no different."," big-money buys have struggled to impact, while loan signings, too, have not had the desired effect.",0.000000
"former virginia first lady maureen mcdonnell who has been found guilty of corruption now says she did not receive a fair trial. her attorneys argued monday in a 101-page court filing that mrs mcdonnell's public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery. mcdonnell and her husband, former gov."," bob mcdonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc.",0.000000
"raheem sterling will escape a club punishment after the liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. the england international is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called `hippy crack '. rodgers questioned sterling's professionalism on monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends."," liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.",0.000000
"remember chip'n' dale's bizarre high-pitched babbles? well now there's a cat with vocal abilities to match disney's famed chipmunks. youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action."," footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted.",0.000000
"lib dem campaigner michelle gent used her party's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business. a liberal democrat campaigner has been exposed as a dominatrix who used the party's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business. michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online."," the former lib dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in ashfield, nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.",0.000000
"when jade walters loaned out her beloved horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride, she didn't realise she would never see him again. miss walters, 21, was horrified to discover that the family looking after magic had sold him at auction for just # 200. magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community, and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites."," jade walters, 21, was shocked to discover the family she loaned her beloved pet horse magic to had sold the animal -lrb- pictured right and left being ridden by miss walters -rrb- for # 200.",0.000000
"comments: veteran broadcaster peter alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and `b ***** ed up the game 'veteran broadcaster peter alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and` b ***** ed up the game'. alliss, 84, has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women's membership. some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee."," but the equality act 2010, drafted by the previous labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination, which means that women must now have equal access to the course -- and pay the same membership rates as men.",0.000000
"the oyston family served to form a further wedge between themselves and blackpool's fans after a pensioner was forced to pay a staggering # 20,000 in damages for allegations made online. frank knight, a lifelong supporter of the seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his facebook page this time last year. knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner owen oyston and his son, chairman karl."," blackpool fans vent their disgust at the oyston family, who own the club, last week.",0.000000
"momentous: kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill. a former masterchef semi-finalist has become the first woman to run the prestigious savoy grill kitchen in its 126-year history. kim woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue, which has hosted lunches for the likes of prime ministers, musicians and captains of industry for decades."," the 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the strand, london in 1889.",0.000000
"john carver has challenged his newcastle players to relieve the pressure on their shoulders by adding another dent to liverpool's champions league hopes. the reds have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city as a result of successive defeats by manchester united and arsenal, although things could have been worse had the champions managed to emerge from monday night's trip to crystal palace with something to show for their efforts. brendan rodgers' men ended their mini-slump on wednesday evening with a 1-0 fa cup quarter-final replay victory at blackburn, and carver knows they will will determined to add three points to that to keep alive their hopes of a top-four finish when the magpies head for anfield on monday evening."," john carver says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against liverpool.",0.000000
"pep guardiola was left purring at bayern munich's first-half performance against porto as the club put a turbulent week behind them to storm in to the champions league semi-finals. a 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week followed by the dramatic resignation of long-serving club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt had turned the spotlight on guardiola heading in to the tie. but the bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business as his side raced in to a 5-0 lead before half-time on tuesday night."," bayern munich players celebrate in front of their fans after the 6-1 demolition of porto on tuesday night.",0.000000
"after drawing praise for india's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit yemen, minister of state for external affairs v.k singh, who is spearheading the rescue exercise, found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat."," ""friends what do you expect from presstitutes....",0.000000
"monaco coach leonardo jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to what he described as a `non-existent penalty 'in their champions league quarter-final first leg at juventus on tuesday. the controversial decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not fully clear what happened, even after several repeats of the incident in slow motion. the spot kick was awarded after juve's alvaro morata got clear of monaco's portuguese defender ricardo carvalho as the striker chased a long ball forward from andrea pirlo."," ricardo's carvalho's initial contact on alvaro morata appeared to come from outside the area.",0.000000
"ronny deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the premiership with victory at st mirren -- then hit out at the state of pitches in scotland. a james forrest strike and stefan johansen's penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen. but although pleased with the way his side stayed patient to win, deila felt their cause wasn't helped by the state of the paisley surface."," and he believes scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there isn't a drastic improvement in our pitches.",0.000000
"norfolk, virginia -lrb- cnn -rrb- the second mate of the houston express probably couldn't believe what he was seeing. hundreds of miles from land there was a small boat nearby. at first it looked abandoned."," it was in bad shape, listing to one side.",0.000000
"a teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery. jackson byrnes from northern new south wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. the 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation."," after seven days of desperate campaigning through facebook and the crowd funding page gofundme, the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised.",0.000000
"ethiopian airlines passengers were forced to endure a frustrating experience when their plane had to divert to mumbai's primary airport twice on the same day. indian media reported that the boeing 777-300er first diverted to chhatrapati shivaji international airport to refuel about eight hours into its flight from southern china to addis ababa. after topping up it departed for bole international airport in the ethiopian capital, but was forced to return after the flight crew declared an emergency shortly after take-off."," a 10-hour flight turned into a lengthy delay as an ethiopian airlines plane diverted twice to mumbai.",0.000000
"a washington post reporter detained in iran has been charged with espionage and collaborating with `hostile governments', nine months after his arrest. the charges against jason rezaian had been shrouded in secrecy until now in what has become a politically sensitive case that has parallelled with high-level nuclear talks between iran and global powers, including the united states. monday, rezaian's lawyer leila ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces, in a decision branded absurd monday by the white house and the newspaper."," as well as allegedly spying under the first two charges, the 39-year-old journalist, the post's tehran correspondent, stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic.",0.000000
"an oxford college and a retired architect are embroiled in an absurd row over a stretch of scrubby bushes which are quickly becoming `the most expensive hedge in warwickshire '. in a court case likely to cost # 150,000, st john's college and a 74-year-old businessman have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their properties in warwickshire. the bizarre dispute began when anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge, which marks the boundary between his home and the college's land."," hedge row: anthony bethell and st john's college, oxford are embroiled in a row over a stretch of scrubby bushes, with a court case likely to cost # 150,000.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- when i was elected to the kentucky state senate in 1967, i became the first woman and the first person of color to serve in the body. five decades later, i find it almost unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation. but that is what rand paul, who today declared he's running for president of the united states, is doing."," his campaign team told reporters last week that his campaign announcement message would be about ""expanding the republican party"" -- a message of inclusion.",0.000000
"it is a cold, spring night in the heart of liverpool at a football ground bordering huyton, where steven gerrard grew up, so paul scholes is in unfamiliar territory. but he is reluctant to leave. most of the rest of his party have gone but he lingers as the final minutes are played out, with the score 0-0."," it has been a frustrating night for salford city, the club scholes co-owns with former manchester united team-mates ryan giggs, gary neville, phil neville and nicky butt.",0.000000
"a gay couple getting married this summer had their wedding plans featured on hillary clinton's announcement that she is joining the race for the white house. democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson, from chicago, illinois, claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday's video announcing clinton's 2016 bid. the pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year."," milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: `i'm getting married this summer to someone i really care about.",0.000000
"a jealous boyfriend stabbed his love rival to death after he threatened show intimate photographs of her to her imam father. gulam chowdhury, 24, quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal 20 times in the east london mini cab office where his victim worked. the court heard that nargis riaz, 22, was terrified that mr afzal would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict imam."," gulam chowdhury, left, stabbed his love rival mohammed afzal, right, 20 times at an east london cab office.",0.000000
"uefa has published champions league regulations for next season confirming a seeding change to reward national league winners. top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries. on current standings, arsenal, atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in the august 27 draw."," arsenal, who were knocked out by monaco this season, could drop down in the pots for the group stages.",0.000000
"england will send an under 20 team to the toulon tournament this summer following the successful experiment last year. gareth southgate's squad finished fourth last may and the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this june. the fa felt the diversity and quality of opposition in toulon were key to helping young players' education and the decision has been made to enter once again."," aidy boothroyd will lead the team this time in the toulon tournament that runs from may 27 until june 7.",0.000000
"struggling hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach with immediate effect in a surprise decision with the former european champions anchored in last place with six matches left. despite widespread speculation about a pending deal with former mainz coach thomas tuchel, hamburg said they had agreed on a 15-month contract with labbadia, who had coached them in 2009-10. the coach's contract is also valid for the second division should hamburg be relegated."," he takes over from interim coach peter knaebel who replaced sacked joe zinnbauer in march and will now return to his post as sports director.",0.000000
"a best man left guests at his brother's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man's speech. melbourne singer daniel buccheri, who composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as sam smith and the backstreet boys, toasted his brother adrian and his new wife sarah at their march 29 wedding in using his voice. the unique speech performed by daniel at poet's lane in sherbrooke, east of melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online and included tributes to his brother and his bride and also delves into his childhood and says he always looked up to his older sibling."," melbourne singer daniel buccheri -lrb- pictured -rrb- left guests at his brother's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man's speech.",0.000000
"javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player. the mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals atletico madrid in the champions league quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of real. yet, once the emotions have settled, real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve."," they agreed an option with manchester united last summer that would # 7.",0.000000
"the mystery of what appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock -lrb- pictured -rrb- has perplexed scientists. an object that appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has captured the world's attention since it was found in the 1990s, but the debate rages on about what it really is. russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation, or even the work of aliens."," however, experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer -- that the `screw 'is in fact a fossilised sea creature.",0.000000
"the plot where lizzie borden and her family are buried in fall river, massachusetts, was vandalized. the final resting place of lizzie borden and the father and stepmother she was accused of killing was vandalized over the weekend. the borden family burial monument at oak grove cemetery in fall river, massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint."," the vandalism was discovered on monday, the day after a lifetime miniseries, the lizzie borden chronicles, premiered on sunday night.",0.000000
"louis van gaal couldn't let the moment pass. manchester united had just rattled off their 13th home win of the season and the dutchman wanted to crank up the pressure. a comfortable victory over aston villa, inspired by two goals from the excellent ander herrera and crowned by wayne rooney's magnificent strike, had seen united leap above manchester city in the table for the first time since november 23, 2013."," when you think on january 10 this year the gap between the two clubs was 10 points, the turnaround has been remarkable.",0.000000
"a gay couple getting married this summer had their wedding plans featured on hillary clinton's announcement that she is joining the race for the white house. democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson, from chicago, illinois, claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday's video announcing clinton's 2016 bid. the pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year."," milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: `i'm getting married this summer to someone i really care about.",0.000000
"it was the maths problem designed for 14-year-olds that baffled people around the world. for those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional cheryl's birthday, then the answer was july 16. those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical steps that allowed them to rule out the other dates given as part of the question."," the question, `so when is cheryl's birthday?",0.000000
"standing in a public shower cubicle with my screaming 15-month-old son, i was starting to wonder whether i truly was a keycamp type of person. my hazy memories of similar family holidays as a child were of slow days spent on pine-scented campsites, punctuated by trips to sun-soaked beaches. but here i was, a fully-fledged father, some quarter of a century later wondering what had gone wrong."," our journey to argeles-sur-mer on france's mediterranean coast went without a hitch, despite being in the minority of travellers flying, then hiring a car, rather than driving all the way.",0.000000
"the mother of a missing 15-year-old autistic girl has made a desperate plea for help after her daughter disappeared while out walking a week ago. teenager kimberly greenberg became angry and left her santa monica home to calm down about 8.30 pm on march 24, but never returned."," her mother janice greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager, described as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old, has gone missing without her cellphone or medication.",0.000000
"eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch tvs at the opening of a new aldi store. the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in avlaston, derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning. more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut."," more than 200 people were found queuing outside the new aldi store when it officially opened its doors at 8am this morning.",0.000000
"steve bruce was at least able to crack a joke after his side were left dangling precariously in the barclays premier league following defeat to southampton. although that was not the only thing cracked in this game. graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend in the first half for a clash with alex bruce but the hull city manager could not believe the southampton striker remained on the field."," `alex has got a horribly broken nose, 'bruce revealed.",0.000000
"they are some of the most violent events on the planet, throwing out millions of tonnes of gas, ash and molten rock with each eruption. yet the majority of the world's volcanoes are found deep underwater where immense water pressure does weird things to the lava that bubbles out of them. now scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes - and they are surprisingly quiet for such a violent event."," scroll down to watch and listen to an underwater volcano erupting.",0.000000
"a young man was banned from every branch of sainsbury's after he was wrongly accused of shoplifting a pair of speakers. aden gould, 21, was also told to pay a # 150 `security fee 'after he was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket - even though he put the equipment back where he found it. the giant firm sent him an aggressive letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him trying to enter sainsbury's."," banned: aden gould, 21, was told he could not return to sainsbury's after he opened some speakers there.",0.000000
"a wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing in a victorian national park. shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the wilsons promontory national park, in the gippsland region in southeast victoria, as the wombat waddled over to the unsuspecting wallaby. scroll down for video."," sucker punch: a wallaby shocked on lookers as he `punched 'a wombat who approached him while he was grazing.",0.000000
"homicide conviction: lee joon-seok, the captain of the sunken south korean ferry sewol, arrives for verdicts at gwangju high court in gwangju, south korea. the south korean ferry captain responsible for a sinking that killed more than 300 people has had his sentence increased to life in prison. lee joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the sewol, by a district court following last year's disaster."," but this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his `willful negligence '.",0.000000
"this is the 24-year-old mother who was allegedly shot dead by her marine veteran husband in an alabama doctor's office after he wrote a chilling facebook post saying he was going to `die today '. leaj jarvis price was reportedly gunned down by eric heath price, the 25-year-old father of her six-year-old son, on monday after she ran into the surgery in jemison screaming` call the police'. price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with around 40 police officers for several hours, authorities said."," when police fired tear gas into the house, he came outside.",0.000000
"tim sherwood said his aston villa team `bamboozled 'liverpool and paid particular tribute to christian benteke, fabian delph and jack grealish, the teenager who shone on his wembley debut. villa earned a comeback win to book their place in the fa cup final against arsenal and end steven gerrard's dream of lifting the famous old trophy on his birthday before bidding farewell to the club. sherwood was dealt a blow by gabby agbonlahor's failure to overcome a hamstring injury, but adapted his plans to brilliant effect as liverpool struggled to cope with villa's fluid attack."," christian benteke is congratulated by aston villa team-mate fabian delph after scoring at wembley.",0.000000
"tripoli, libya -lrb- cnn -rrb- it took one somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to libya. from there, she hoped to cross the mediterranean sea so her baby could be born in europe. she didn't get there."," she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli.",0.000000
"a woman has been arrested after she allegedly broke into a home on martha's vineyard, lived inside for at least a week and sold items belonging to the owners in a yard sale. michelle filkins, 44, of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17."," michelle filkins, 44, of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and the malicious destruction of property after she was arrested on april 17.",0.000000
"april 3, 2015. we're starting with some international headlines today, covering events in switzerland, kenya and the pacific ocean. california's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses, who've been ordered to cut their water usage."," we discuss two religious holidays being celebrated worldwide this weekend, and we take a look at a pair of subjects related to u.",0.000000
"richard henyekane, a former south africa striker, was killed in a car crash early tuesday, his club and the country's premier soccer league have confirmed. henyekane's club, free state stars, said the 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash. henyekane made nine appearances for south africa in 2009."," he was on loan at free state stars from pretoria-based mamelodi sundowns.",0.000000
"alastair cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months. but in the first test against the west indies, i think he overdid it. the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord's in 2007 -- when he was playing well -- with a near perfect stance."," his front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump.",0.000000
"famed for phenomenal cuisine, majestic rural landscapes and vibrant cities, vietnam offers an undisputed sensory overload. but there's one sight the becomes most engrained in the memories of even the most seasoned traveller - the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter. lee thompson's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya, the revolution in egypt, the tsunami in japan and other extensive travels before he co-founded the flash pack, a small group flashpacking tour company."," but even he repeatedly marvels at what the men and women of southeast asia can balance and transport on just a scooter or a beaten up old motorcycle, and on one of his company's vietnam & cambodia tours with a group of nine this month he was compelled to capture some of the finest.",0.000000
"world number one novak djokovic eased into the third round of the monte carlo masters with a straight sets victory over qualifier albert ramos-vinolas. it was a comfortable win for djokovic who came through 6-1 6-4 and he faces andreas haider-maurer, who defeated bernard tomic in three sets, in the next round. world number seven david ferrer joined djokovic in the third round as his opponent victor estrella burgos retired with a shoulder injury with ferrer leading 6-2 2-0, while 11th seed jo-wilfried tsonga got his campaign under way with a 6-4 6-4 victory over jan-lennard struff."," novak djokovic comfortably beat albert ramos-vinolas to progress to the third round of monte carlo.",0.000000
"she's in rehab now, but the big question remains: what exactly happened at the polo lounge at the swank beverly hills hotel that led to kim richards' out of control behavior. the real housewife was arrested following an emotional breakdown after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the beverly hills hotel, daily mail online can reveal. in a downward-spiral, the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest."," scroll down for exclusive video.",0.000000
"a celebrated texas-born hunter was crushed to death by a baby elephant in zimbabwe as he tried to measure its ivory tusks for an american client. ian gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among u.s."," safari enthusiasts, who would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in south africa.",0.000000
"the mother of the police officer who was caught on video shooting an unarmed black man in the back as he was running away has broken her silence. karen sharpe, the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of. she also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated."," ms sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting.",0.000000
"victims of a man who operated a `revenge porn 'website and then charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information spoke out after the man was sentenced on friday. kevin bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. a group of bollaert's victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now said that they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures."," victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself.",0.000000
"hanging on one 93-year-old man's wall at a kentucky nursing home was a photo collage of him and his wife. it was titled `lill & bill, together forever '. that sentiment came true this week when, after 73 years of marriage, william` wild bill' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other."," both lillian, 89, and bill were alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes.",0.000000
"perhaps it was the excitement of the grand national, but this horse fell at the first hurdle after wandering into thick mud. it was hardly becher's brook - one of aintree's most notorious fences - but cody somehow found himself stuck in the bog in belvedere, south-east london. crew members climbed into the watery ditch as they tried to ease the distressed animal to safety on friday afternoon."," sticky situation: animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing cody after he wandered into a bog.",0.000000
"barcelona's brazilian star neymar was left fuming after being substituted by luis enrique during the 2-2 draw at sevilla on saturday night, according to reports in spain. neymar, who scored his side's second goal with a curling free kick, was replaced with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play. sevilla then scored a late equaliser, and neymar `can't understand why he is subbed so much 'reports spanish paper sport."," neymar's dispute with luis enrique features prominently in spain, while they look ahead to the madrid derby.",0.000000
"andrea dossena, the defender liverpool once paid # 7million for, will face no further action after he was accused of shoplifting in harrods. the 33-year-old, now with league one strugglers leyton orient, hit headlines around the world when he was arrested at the knightsbridge store on april 7. however, metropolitan police have confirmed that the italian and a 31-year-old woman also held at the scene, were released after being interviewed."," andrea dossena -lrb- scoring against real madrid -rrb- will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting.",0.000000
"thierry henry hailed `the detective 'francis coquelin for his midfield display in arsenal's hard-fought victory over burnley at turf moor. the former gunners striker said that coquelin was his man of the match in arsenal's 1-0 win, and he labelled the 23-year-old` columbo'. coquelin played a key role in aaron ramsey's 12th-minute goal when he intercepted a burnley pass and got his team on the front foot."," thierry henry hailed the display of francis coquelin in arsenal's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor.",0.000000
"tony mccoy, the greatest ever jump jockey, is guaranteed a roaring send-off at aintree this week as racegoers tip a fairytale ending to his glorious career. the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his grand national ride shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world's most famous steeplechase. mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national and aintree is busy setting the scene to make sure it is one he never forgets."," the royal liver building in liverpool was lit up with a good luck message for tony mccoy.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- robert boardwine's path to fatherhood was unconventional, but virginia's appeals court said tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son's life. boardwine's friend, joyce bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. she thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends."," she also thought that because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent, according to court documents.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- a professor at texas a&m galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace, that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class. irwin horwitz, an instructional associate professor in the university's department of maritime administration, told cnn affiliate kprc that he had finally reached a breaking point. ""enough was enough,"" horwitz said."," ""it became apparent that they couldn't do just some of the most simple and basic things that they should've been able to do at that point.",0.000000
"a man accused of removing women's teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex because he liked `gummy ladies' claims he was just trying to` help 'them. new zealander philip lyle hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011. on wednesday a wellington district court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with hansen during the 1990s."," the woman, who can not be named for legal reasons, told the court she never consented to hansen pulling out her teeth but was too `afraid' to say anything.",0.000000
"crucible thoroughbreds john higgins and graeme dott led the scottish charge on sunday at the betfred world championship. four-time winner higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over robert milkins, and looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the title four years ago. the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session as he coasted home against gloucester potter milkins, who took the match beyond its evening interval but was thoroughly outplayed."," john higgins plays a shot during his match against robert milkins during the betfred world championships.",0.000000
"they're two of the uks best loved celebrities so it's little wonder than david beckham and holly willoughby have been voted the stars we'd most like to have as our parents. in a new survey by ripley's believe it or not! david, the former england captain, obe and goodwill ambassador for unicef has been voted to be the number one celebrity figure brits would love to have as a dad."," whilst this morning host and celebrity juice panellist, holly, 34, has all the qualities of the perfect mother figure.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- if someone told you that your city had started a program providing clean needles to injecting drug users, would that make you want to start injecting drugs yourself? the answer, of course, would be no. yet for decades, many have stood by the belief that such programs, known as syringe exchange or syringe services programs, promote and encourage drug use."," indeed, for congress, it became the rationale behind a ban implemented in 1988 that prohibits the use of federal funds for these programs.",0.000000
"locked up: david norris, 51, was jailed for 20 years for the attempted murder of his estranged wife. a jilted husband who repeatedly stabbed his estranged wife in a graveyard screaming `go to sleep with your mum! 'has been jailed for 20 years."," david norris's wife begged him to think of their children as he launched his vicious attack - but he only stopped stabbing her when she` played dead' and a member of the public intervened.",0.000000
"former manchester united goalkeeper edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days back to old trafford. united head to chelsea on saturday in top form, having won six successive matches. victory at stamford bridge would put united within five points of the blues, but the fact that the leaders have one game in hand means they are big favourites to lift the barclays premier league trophy next month."," edwin van der sar -lrb- right -rrb- is convinced louis van gaal -lrb- left -rrb- will bring the glory days to manchester united.",0.000000
"heavy-duty: the drill that was used by thieves during the brazen # 60million hatton garden heist. this is the drill that was used by thieves during the # 60million hatton garden heist over the easter weekend. the gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the secured vault where they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems."," the photograph of the hilti dd350 drill was released tonight by scotland yard as the officer in charge of the investigation said the crime had been carried out by an `ocean's 11 type team '.",0.000000
"former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend, perth lawyer naomi bass. the smitten couple were holidaying in japan and were out for a walk one evening when bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect for a proposal, sullivan, 29, told woman's day. the sporting hero has won two silver olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the commonwealth games."," `we were walking one night and came across a lone tree in full bloom, complete with white doves, 'he told the magazine.",0.000000
"opera isn't normally a field associated with animal cruelty, but the two worlds have collided in china after a singer posted pictures of herself wearing a headdress made from kingfisher feathers. web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare after it emerged the accessory was made from the feathers of no less than 80 of the colourful birds, according to the people's daily online. outcry: opera singer liu guijuan is heavily criticised for showing off her headdress -lrb- pictured -rrb- made with feather from 80 kingfishers."," peking opera singer liu guijuan wrote in her post on weibo, china's equivalent of twitter, that she had bought the rare headpiece more than a decade ago for 120,000 yuan -lrb- # 10,775 -rrb-.",0.000000
"the midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on wednesday. the storm system, which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring, according to the weather channel. hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states."," strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago, detroit and other big cities in the midwest later in the day.",0.000000
"a billionaire tycoon wants planning authorities to grant permission for his new # 4 million beachfront mansion which can jack itself up in the case of flooding which heats itself using the outside air in temperatures as low as -25 c. jim ratcliffe, founder and chairman of chemical company ineos, has applied to planning officials in the new forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a `carbon neutral 'mansion. the 62-year-old businessman who is based in switzerland claims that the new house, if built, will be his only uk residence."," the proposed beach house in this computer generated image would only be visible from yachts on the solent.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- nasa says its messenger space probe crashed into mercury on thursday after running out of fuel, ending a nearly 11-year journey that provided valuable data and thousands of photos. mission controllers at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory -lrb- apl -rrb- in laurel, maryland, confirmed the probe slammed into the surface of mercury, as anticipated, at 3:26 p.m."," edt, nasa told cnn in an email.",0.000000
"wladimir klitschko has confirmed that tyson fury will be his next opponent and the unified heavyweight champion says he is ready to travel to england to defend his belts. the ibf, wba and wbo king ended his seven-year american hiatus by clearly out-pointing bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night but it was not the dazzling new york display he had promised on his stateside return. the american boxing public fell out of love with the 6ft6in ukrainian back in 2008 when he outpointed russian sultan ibragimov in an uninspiring, lop-sided victory in this very madison square garden ring."," and, although seven years and 12 fights have passed since then for klitschko, it was a case of same ring, same story.",0.000000
"new york city fc striker david villa has taken another bite out of the big apple scene as he was invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange. the 33-year-old, who made the move to the newly formed mls outfit this season, has really thrown himself into his surroundings; and his bell ringing comes just weeks after a photo shoot at the top of the empire state building. the nyse's opening and closing bells mark the start and end of each trading day."," the opening bell is rung at 9.",0.000000
"a mother and her former partner have appeared in court over the death of a toddler who suffered horrific injuries just before her second birthday. cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter's hospital in chertsey, surrey, but died from a head injury the next day despite the best effort of medical teams. magistrates heard how doctors treating the little girl discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on her head."," the little girl's mother, kirsty lee -lrb- right in sunglasses behind a lawyer -rrb- and lee's ex boyfriend alistair wayne bowen -lrb- left -rrb- appeared at guildford magistrates' court today.",0.000000
"battered, rusted and covered in overgrown weeds, this unremarkable looking bus and train were used to film one of the most memorable hollywood action scenes of the past 25 years. lying abandoned in the great smokey mountains in north carolina, fans of 1993 film the fugitive will recognize them as those used by harrison ford's character dr richard kimble when he escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train. the scene, which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus, cost an eye-watering $1.","5 million to shoot while the remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a popular tourist attraction.",0.000000
"a clean-water advocate took an earth day swim in new york city's polluted gowanus canal, a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted, but quit less than halfway through. christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway."," he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water's pollution because the experience was like `swimming` in a dirty diaper '.",0.000000
"freddie gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested - before he was put inside a police van, authorities said friday. baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death. six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate."," however, commissioner anthony batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.",0.000000
"mogadishu, somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- gunmen stormed the headquarters of somalia's education ministry in the country's capital on tuesday after a suicide car bombing, a two-pronged attack that killed at least 12 people and injured 16 others, officials said. the islamist militant group al-shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of mogadishu, group spokesman abu musab said. the attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the ministry of education, culture & higher education, somali national security ministry spokesman mohamed yusuf said."," five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside, yusuf said.",0.000000
"travelling with a pet can be a stressful and expensive ordeal, but delta air lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease when their pet is in the carrier below. the new pet gps system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time, from monitoring the temperature below, to whether their cage is upright or askew. the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp."," and is available for $50 per flight from 10 us airports.",0.000000
"olivier giroud has admitted he gets `p ***** 'with people talking about his latest hairstyle rather than his ability on the pitch for arsenal. giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about arsene wenger praising his animal instincts in arsenal's attack in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with chelsea. olivier giroud believes the premier league is chelsea's this season but arsenal will contend next season."," giroud -lrb- left -rrb- could not score against chelsea on sunday as the london rivals drew 0-0 at the emirates.",0.000000
"a super-fertile dental nurse is being hailed a hero after helping scores of childless couples try to conceive - by donating 50 eggs. mother-of-two kelly parsons, from morden, south west london, has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy, thanks to her willingness to go through the painful donation procedure. in the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy."," kelly parsons, 35, from london -lrb- pictured with daughters emily, four, -lrb- left -rrb- and 11-year-old charlotte -lrb- right -rrb- has donate 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive.",0.000000
"a london marathon runner stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him in an incredibly heart-warming video. jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend's father mark harris. the 23-year-old, who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing, is captured standing before her stretching his muscles."," jordan meikle stretches his muscles in front of the spectator's barriers at the london marathon.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- you'll see him in your mcdreams. on thursday night's ""grey's anatomy,"" dr. derek shepherd -- the hunky character played by patrick dempsey -- died."," he wasn't shot down over the sea of japan, nor did a helicopter fall on his head.",0.000000
"bayern munich were crowned bundesliga champions for the third year running without even kicking a ball on sunday as their nearest rivals wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at borussia monchengladbach. needing to win to keep the title race alive - at least mathematically - for another week, wolfsburg rarely looked like succeeding as they were second best at the borussia park stadion. they resisted until the last minute of the game, though, when max kruse struck to earn the foals a win which moves them up to third and secures their place in the champions league next season."," max kruse -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates his last-minute winner against wolfsburg on sunday in the bundesliga.",0.000000
"ronny deila insisted on friday night that scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches. the celtic manager stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the josh meekings handball debacle that helped kill his treble dream last weekend. but deila has called for similar transparency as in his norwegian homeland, arguing that referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships."," celtic manager ronny deila speaks to the officials after his side's scottish cup semi-final loss to inverness.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- one year after it was perpetrated, the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend: hundreds of teenaged girls, just finishing school, destined perhaps for significant achievement -- kidnapped, never to be seen again. ""this crime has rightly caused outrage both in nigeria and across the world,"" the country's president-elect, muhammadu buhari, said tuesday in marking the anniversary. ""today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims, their friends and families."," our thoughts and prayers, and that of the whole nigerian nation, are with you today.",0.000000
"england world cup winner jason robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences. speaking in the documentary jason robinson: sports life stories, which will be broadcast on itv4 at 10pm on tuesday, the 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club wigan, which almost led to his downfall. robinson, who scored for england in the 2003 world cup final victory against australia, said: 'i got into a situation where i was drinking sometimes six nights a week."," former england ace jason robinson, pictured in 2007, has revealed he contemplated committed suicide.",0.000000
"ander herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following his spell at athletic bilbao. in a short q&a video posted on the club's facebook page on tuesday morning, the manchester united midfielder revealed that he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the english giants last summer. herrera joined the red devils for # 29million following a relatively successful three-year period at bilbao where he reached the copa del rey and the europa league finals in his debut season at the club in 2011-12."," ander herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of shirt for supersitution.",0.000000
"set in the grey stones of the victorian chapel, the red of the two doors makes a bold, slightly unexpected statement. but that distinctive splash of colour is the only clue to the identity of the man who turned this building into a family home. in the early 1970s, sir richard branson brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business."," and from then until the present day, the virgin logo -- which has gone on to adorn trains, planes and a multitude of other businesses -- has always been printed in the red of those humble chapel doors.",0.000000
"-lrb- cnn -rrb- since iran's islamic revolution in 1979, women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. but the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events. a plan to allow ""women and families"" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year, deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday, according to state-run media."," but it isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend.",0.000000
"the harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997. and now researchers have discovered its success may lie in the use of words author j.k rowling chose across the series - rather than the texts as a whole."," by scanning the brains of participants as they read passages from the collection, researchers discovered that the common use of `arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.",0.000000
"at least 34 people were arrested after hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on tuesday night to march against police brutality. the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police. many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina."," the protesters marched from manhattan's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic.",0.000000
"there are few things more beautiful - or terrifying - than the menacing flash of lightning bolts within a volcanic ash cloud. the latests picture, captured by an amateur photographer as the colima volcano in mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava, reveals the raw power of a volcanic eruption. hernando rivera cervantes took the pictures as local authorities warned those living around the volcano, which is also known as the fire volcano, to prepare for a possible evacuation."," lightning strikes inside the enormous ash cloud thrown into the air by the colima volcano -lrb- above -rrb- in mexico.",0.000000
"ben stokes pulled his shirt across his mouth before smiling at marlon samuels, as if to declare a truce in their feud. there was little else for england to laugh about as the second test stuttered towards another stalemate. england go into the last day here, just as they did in antigua, needing eight wickets to have any chance of the victory they so badly need in this series."," one of them belongs to their old nemesis samuels who, along with the obdurate kraigg brathwaite, saw west indies into credit and within sight of another draw with only the final test in barbados next week to play.",0.000000
"out of prison and free to stroll around ireland's capital, this is the notorious `black widow 'killer who murdered her husband. catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead. the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin's dochas centre to the oblates in the city's inchicore suburb."," black widow catherine nevin leaving mountjoy prison as she walks to get a bus.",0.000000
"a teenage factory girl in china dumped her newborn child in a toilet after giving birth -- before going back to work on a shoe production line. the baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city by a cleaner, prompting its managers to start searching for the mother. they found xiao ying, 17, working on the production line -- but she completely denied giving birth to the child, the people's daily online reported."," the baby boy was dumped by his teenager mother in a factory toilets, before she went back to work.",0.000000
"an unknown man's theft of a texas neighborhood's wild peacock was caught on camera by surveillance video as he roughly handled the beautiful bird. residents of beckley club estates in dallas, texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up on saturday. footage from the home of lisa solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black suv around 7pm."," residents of a dallas neighborhood saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up on saturday.",0.000000
"alison hall, 48, almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler. it then shot to the back of her throat when she took a puff. an asthma sufferer almost choked to death when she took a puff on her inhaler and nearly swallowed a false nail."," alison hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler.",0.000000
"steven howie -lrb- pictured -rrb- left his girlfriend with 18 injuries after assaulting her over a period of an hour in the room at a lonely inn on new year's eve. a thug beat up his girlfriend so badly after a cancelled new year's eve party that their hotel room resembled a `bloodbath ', a court has heard. steven howie, 28, of dunfermline, left his girlfriend karen murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour."," howie, a joiner, punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault, smashed furnishings, and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges.",0.000000
"this is the terrifying moment an suv hurtled head-on into a school bus full of students on monday morning. footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a dodge durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph. it crashes into an suv on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median."," the clip, obtained by news on 6, ends abruptly as the two vehicles collide.",0.000000
"kyle patrick loughlin from massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked. a 21-year-old college student from massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked. kyle patrick loughlin, who was enrolled at bridgewater state university on an early childhood education course, was arrested on tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five."," police told the boston globe that they then proceeded to search loughlin's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers.",0.000000
"a host of clubs are tracking aston villa's young central defender kevin toner as his contract nears its end. norwich, leicester, newcastle and stoke have watched toner, one of villa's most promising young players who captains their under-21 team aged just 18. his current deal runs out this summer and villa, keen to keep their best academy graduates, have made an offer of fresh terms."," but it is understood other clubs are ready to declare their hands and villa risk losing him.",0.000000
"an irish rugby player suffered one of the most gruesome ear injuries you're likely to see while playing for heriot's rugby club against the barbarians. injuries are a regular occurrence in rugby but it's doubtful that you're likely to see one quite as sickening as this. davy mcgregor was hurt after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts - leaving a truly horrifying sight."," davy mcgregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for heriot's racing club.",0.000000
"it is a remarkable, eye-popping portrait of scotland's first minister, nicola sturgeon. entitled `naughty nicola ', the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders on display and whip in hand. but instead of being offended, ms sturgeon is` tickled' by the image, so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, peter murrell."," he is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman -- on the brink of holding the balance of power.",0.000000
"apple is thought to have sold more than one million of its smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order. but uk buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the eagerly anticipated wearable may want to snap up an apple watch on holiday, because britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy one. the most expensive edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the uk compared to elsewhere in the world, while at the lower end of the scale british buyers pay up to # 63 more for the sport model."," britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the apple watch.",0.000000
"an elderly british couple who fell victim to pickpockets as they returned to their hotel in benidorm incredibly got their belongings back after confronting the duo - and it was all caught on camera. brian and joan ogden, from wigan, had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet. cctv footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of mr ogden, 80, while her accomplice attempts to block the view of mrs ogden, 78."," but they weren't to be fooled.",0.000000
